Mike Sackton: It and you should assume TIM that we might have forgotten some of the clues that you gave us in our.
Mike Sackton: Whole session, the whole thing, where we got all kinds of rumors toker if any of them are important, you might remind us.
Timothy Sackton: The ones that you got the one you I think we're the only one who got.
Timothy Sackton: And they're all.
Timothy Sackton: they're all written down for you, so you can reference them.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'll go read that.
Timothy Sackton: it's not my responsibility to read what I wrote for you, I do enough.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: how's the afternoon sun begins to sink towards the horizon, more than a week after leaving Carolina with.
Timothy Sackton: All your worldly possessions and Garrett tea leaf hassling you had rescued from a data.
Timothy Sackton: saying goodbye to record on the road, as he turned North that is mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And traveling for 11 days across the plains you've now finally arrived in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: At the monastery of the lock and Miss die that kenza called home for several years.
Timothy Sackton: monastery itself is set on a hill a few miles south of token along the river heart, which is at this time of year slow and sluggish waiting for the reins to come.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours ago you cross the bridge over the heart to Tokyo before turning south to the monastery the city of toker itself is old with many buildings dating from the earliest centuries of donmar the country.
Timothy Sackton: Although it has been damaged and repaired many times since then.
Timothy Sackton: or much of the city is hidden behind the box solid thick walls of stone.
Timothy Sackton: You could see as you pass three large buildings that dominate the skyline the Dome of a large temple that rises in the Center of town, probably the main temple of the five siblings in toker of.
Timothy Sackton: The temple to which you have a letter of introduction to the head priest there from Ken dress should you.
Timothy Sackton: wish to journey there and ask.
Timothy Sackton: For favors or anything and it's also the temple here is also the Center of civil administration for the city.
Timothy Sackton: near the temple to other buildings both.
Timothy Sackton: Smaller and with a few dwarves and architectural elements stand.
Timothy Sackton: Also, rising above the walls, maybe 300 feet tall is a massive tree.
Timothy Sackton: It is now seemingly made of stone with dry cracked bark and leafless branches, but kenza having lived here for several years, you know that it will flower after the rains come filling the city with the scent of vanilla till at least start in the fall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll just treat him.
Timothy Sackton: How old is the tree.
Timothy Sackton: No one knows it's it's been here since the city was built around at.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like at least 600 years old.
Timothy Sackton: stretching north of the city along the river it's a small dockyard I must be quiet.
Timothy Sackton: With the with the River very low in the late summer before the summer rains.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond the fields of summer season crops await the harvest of the monsoon.
Timothy Sackton: camped on the plains, mostly to the north of the city, a small done Mari army perhaps 500 strong rows of 10s and horses stretching out from the walls.
Timothy Sackton: As you pass the walls of the city well be turned West with Garrett, following the outer walls, the city to take him to the red lily hassling in or Garrett knows the owners Lillian West strong bones.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you turns out to the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: You wrote up the hell approaching the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: passing through the Elder gates and reaching the large open courtyard that mark the entrance to the monastery proper the stables and.
Timothy Sackton: granary to right.
Timothy Sackton: ahead of you beyond the the inner gates, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery itself a large imposing building i'm.
Timothy Sackton: made of white sandstone.
Timothy Sackton: baking in the sun.
Timothy Sackton: And to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: shrines perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: One to your to the left of the gates a grassy area cross by trails seemingly missing the trees that should leave over the forest underbrush that grows only here.
Timothy Sackton: And one to the right of the.
Timothy Sackton: One to the right of the gates a stone spiral winding in us in to a circle in a spiral to a strange metal device that spheres within spheres, with interlocking rotating parts.
Timothy Sackton: As he stand up in the courtyard just past the outer gates of the monastery and old man approaches well over 80 but seemingly still quick on his feet i'm wearing the.
Timothy Sackton: plain white robes trimmed with blue of the lock and monks.
Timothy Sackton: balding weather wrinkled very wrinkled skin.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he approaches, he greets kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Saying kenzo so good to see you home.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome welcome.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: This is rishi who was Kansas master.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And TIM he's the one that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was my master like see the head of the overall lobsters.
Timothy Sackton: Just now, he was like the the guy who is like sort of trained you to fight and was.
Timothy Sackton: sort of the one you are closest to speaker Lara is the name of the woman who was the like the head of the whole monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um before we start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That part where he saved the shrines again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those are those at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm going to send you a message, because you would know all of this.
Right.
So I can I do that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to send you a text because.
Timothy Sackton: I can't send this formatted message and zoom for some reason.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So this is this is seven and eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: That you can see from here.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so kenzo kinda you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good quickly goes to his his old master and give some a woman race on a stairs and looks looks at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, how long How long have I been gone now.
Timothy Sackton: Like three months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Three months but i'm like so much more powerful now.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i've seen a lot in three months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see the last three months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of life and and you know kind of just just just look at him and I joke with him about you know, a move that that he had taught me in the past and tell them that it's served me well, and then i'm a lot better right now.
Timothy Sackton: sort of bows and.
Timothy Sackton: It is, it is good that you are well.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you.
Timothy Sackton: stay for long have you have you come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, first, first let me introduce you to my my my companions who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again I think if he received our messages from earlier, you know a little bit about but on I managed to make some friends they're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not exactly like friends i've had before, but I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each one has has their own unique talents and Elf most notable dealt with on seeker the door with many great great to go these with runes and other forms of creativity and then well be who's most notable for nearly killing us numerous times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: penza says, without any an expression of a joke just very plainly.
Timothy Sackton: For wellbeing Dell getting Garrett settled he'll join.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: moment okay yeah, then I just I just say that just you haven't met well, but yet, but just.
Timothy Sackton: Take a.
Rev. David (he/him): camera cuts away for just a moment that's the to have flings are walking through the city.
Rev. David (he/him): will be just stops.
Timothy Sackton: He out so Rashid.
Timothy Sackton: turns to.
Timothy Sackton: seeker in Dallas welcome welcome it is, it is good to see kenzo has friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would have thought.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Will you be.
Timothy Sackton: Will you be staying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a good question you Shia we will be staying on we're not sure how long, and I think, as you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The political situation in donmar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The presence of of charting and whatever is going on there, we aim to learn and learn I think much more about what's happening with charting but um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's have revealed some troubling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Many troubling tidings and I think we, we will be spending some time trying to understand best we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On given the resources here from the temple and you know again speaking to you master Lara any others can we can learn a little bit more about some of the troubling things we found and seeing.
Timothy Sackton: I would be happy to.
Timothy Sackton: speak with you and get you settle many of the mist I, including speaker la are.
Timothy Sackton: are not here at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Or have been.
Timothy Sackton: Some troubling omens of our own, I must say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know richie I think one thing as well, I we I mentioned this in a note that, hopefully, you had received but um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think tales of our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of our adventures in terroir may proceed us a little bit here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have had a busy three months and much has happened, but we are trying to maintain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a modicum of discretion I think we're trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, avoid avoid undue attention.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: camera cuts to the backlinks in stick in Tokyo, as they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are now running through the streets being chased by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well baxter baxter's with the right.
Rev. David (he/him): Which is probably a little unusual probably a little unusual in a city.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely unusual baxter me.
Rev. David (he/him): I put a sign on him that says, I am a working animal.
Rev. David (he/him): Please do not have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any problems like.
Eric Rosenbaum: steals people's lunch, as he walks past.
Rev. David (he/him): she's pretty bad like I think he's a very nice xp but he's very like bad ass looking and he's got his own Armor now and all his gear side I think people probably come a wide berth.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you writing him throughout town, because you guys you're like writing them as you go like slowly walking with them, or you like beside him.
Rev. David (he/him): eric's on foot some probably on foot to leading him.
Eric Rosenbaum: He.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the top of your head above the bottom of the extra his belly or.
Rev. David (he/him): will not be.
Timothy Sackton: Now you could run underneath baxter definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so so back to the monastery um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know that.
Timothy Sackton: We won't say anything of your presence, if you don't wish it.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is certainly true that story is of.
Timothy Sackton: of us the human Elf dwarf and hassling working together to protect the donmar I have reached here, I do not suspect you.
Will.
Timothy Sackton: be able to travel much and toker itself secretly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think it's more that we don't want anyone to know we're staying here I think we'll we can share this with you and with great confidence, but will establish a presence in the name of the end we're establishing presence in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I say the name of the end, whatever it is.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: This was, like the like sort of fancy our travelers and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: capital in whatever it is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Karen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: karen's will be establishing a presence in karen's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So one actually if you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was our connection our connection to that was through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we know to go do we know somebody you.
Timothy Sackton: know so you add as a crumb.
Timothy Sackton: Before you Caroline where to stay and he was there's like two places there's.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's a.
Timothy Sackton: done Mari like caravans right outside of the walls on the West side.
Timothy Sackton: Right and then there's the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but the chrome knew a guy there right.
Mike Sackton: At the other place.
Timothy Sackton: Another guy at Dr shawna but the right that.
Mike Sackton: We thought would be a little out of character to be.
Mike Sackton: staying at the Dunbar a.
Mike Sackton: place, they would.
Mike Sackton: raise more questions right like why or.
Mike Sackton: Why they think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're right right so so rishi we aim to stay there, or establish a presence there um if you know anybody that in.
Timothy Sackton: At karen's I don't travel to town hardly at all at my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: age, I know I know it was it's worth asking, but on but that's anyways that's our plan so we'll let it be known um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, to to any broader presence and toker that that's where it will be, but we would prefer to stay here, this will, this will be our true base, where we where we actually Stephen rest and karen's will be a you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The place where others can find that 72% more to.
Timothy Sackton: Fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do first.
Timothy Sackton: I can get you settled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On because I found a glances that is convenience is there anything that you all would like to do here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we.
Mike Sackton: get our.
Mike Sackton: Year.
Mike Sackton: settled.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I was blessed that.
Mike Sackton: Particular emphasis on the word gear.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: establish a base here.
Mike Sackton: rooms, etc.
Mike Sackton: yeah be with him a day, is it.
Timothy Sackton: late afternoon at this point.
Mike Sackton: And then perhaps.
Mike Sackton: establish our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: hover at Karen karen's tonight I would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Mike Sackton: like to hear the talk of the town, I think.
Mike Sackton: yeah showing up at the common room and.
Mike Sackton: Seeing who comes and what.
Mike Sackton: stories are being told.
Eric Rosenbaum: rishi before we handle logistics you mentioned.
Eric Rosenbaum: hill hill omens should we be concerned about those.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over to cancel.
Timothy Sackton: or normally not speak of such matters before.
Timothy Sackton: Those who have not been initiated into our secrets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As much as maybe as much as I would not like to say we've have well actually I think i've officially died several times in your presence, now actually died so more than I had even here master or so So yes, you know, in a way, whether I, like it or not, I do trust these these these two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and, by the way to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM I like before coming here kenzo is sort of like oh like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That room in the basement would be a good place to put the two mirrors like that room and unity so he's kind of like thought of a couple places to like that would be good places in the monastery of the things, and you know set that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up a little so when the time's right hill hill suggest those to rishi.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah please, please share.
Timothy Sackton: For the past.
Timothy Sackton: Three weeks now.
Timothy Sackton: Many of us have experienced strange omens and dreams.
Timothy Sackton: speaker Lara the most of all, I think.
Timothy Sackton: It almost feels as if the cycle of history is out of sync with itself.
Timothy Sackton: The past and the present are colliding.
Timothy Sackton: Some branching Pratt paths that were once pruned have now sprung again.
Timothy Sackton: not sure what it means, but Laura told me of visions, she had frequent recurrent visions of a barren hell in the northern plains, where an old watchtower stands.
Timothy Sackton: And this has prompted her to travel with.
Timothy Sackton: Many others.
Timothy Sackton: Those of us who are.
Timothy Sackton: skilled in battle and can defend themselves.
Timothy Sackton: There to.
Timothy Sackton: try to understand what it is that.
Timothy Sackton: lock on maybe telling us.
Timothy Sackton: That was left me here to.
Timothy Sackton: Keep keep up appearances and and.
Timothy Sackton: manage the monastery in her absence.
Mike Sackton: dealt with looks at kenzo and says why did the Dunbar a monks always right out into the middle of nowhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As kind of a thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where would northern plains were being referring to is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where we've been.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is SA east of here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think I.
mean.
Mike Sackton: Presumably this guy knows where they went.
Mike Sackton: Can we just ask where they went, that was just ask.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's a.
Mike Sackton: middle of nowhere did did your companions ride.
Timothy Sackton: it's so it's a.
Timothy Sackton: it's a, this is a place that is known to many people there's there's a line of forts that runs across that runs about a couple days ride north of the trade road that were established prior to the in the like years leading up to the great war is like the northern defenses of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And met most of many of them have fallen to ruin now, but there are a few that are intact and this one is about a four or five days ride north.
Timothy Sackton: East northeast of here if you had travelled you know, a day's ride north of the road, you might have seen that.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it's not along the edge of the mountains or year where.
Timothy Sackton: No, no it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're about to walk closer.
Timothy Sackton: it's well it's yeah it's like five days right it's it's probably.
Timothy Sackton: So that's you know a good.
Mike Sackton: But it's before this river.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's south of that river right, so the line of forts would have run sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know here.
Timothy Sackton: like this right and then turn South and this this for the very the very first adventure in was part of that same line that was sort of defending the northern frontier of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: He continues.
Timothy Sackton: They left just a few days ago.
Timothy Sackton: But I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: Their plans on there.
Timothy Sackton: How long they may be gone for.
Timothy Sackton: Or what this.
Timothy Sackton: What this vision May.
Timothy Sackton: signify.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: The concept of.
Eric Rosenbaum: cyclic history branching time in like leakage across timelines or whatever, are those things familiar to me or his secrets had like exploding written.
Timothy Sackton: um I don't know, are they familiar to you it's kind of up to you it's not like there isn't like a sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: School of magic that you read about that involves this, but you know whether secrets read some philosophical texts or other kinds of texts that speculate about this or not, as up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers into that there's no SCI fi in this world so that's that's all you can really.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Intelligent something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is kind of this is the notion of the nature of space time like part of the lock in tradition, like, so this is like the fact that life is out of whack it is something that kenza would understand well like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean laca himself is sort of seen is the God of seasons and time in history and.
Timothy Sackton: I sort of proper the proper time for things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, so this is sort of a bad image of something happening out of its proper time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is very disturbing actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah okay alright, so the kind of those like you see kind of kenzo as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rishi is describing this kenzo kind of goes pale a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how long are the cycles of history in your.
Eric Rosenbaum: scheme machine.
Eric Rosenbaum: win years 101 year 100 years 1000 years.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: We did not see.
Timothy Sackton: cycles as.
Timothy Sackton: not see cycles as.
Timothy Sackton: Some grand thing.
Timothy Sackton: But all of time as composed of cycles, the passing of the seasons, the turn of day from.
Timothy Sackton: tonight to dawn again.
Timothy Sackton: The phases of the moon transitioning from full to near to full again.
Timothy Sackton: These are all.
Timothy Sackton: History itself is one.
Timothy Sackton: line of constant.
Timothy Sackton: turns.
Timothy Sackton: And locker.
Timothy Sackton: locker teaches us how to see.
Timothy Sackton: The right place in that cycle for events to happen.
Timothy Sackton: As your.
Timothy Sackton: You know, know how to explain it exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: That have something to do with the beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: shrine over there and I point to the one with the The spiral in towards spheres of its fears.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: Something else.
Timothy Sackton: secrets are not.
Timothy Sackton: The secrets of its.
Timothy Sackton: mystery.
Timothy Sackton: cannot be seen.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker as you'll learn the more time you spent around the monastery everything pleased, here comes up kind of just glances around you know the shrine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing here is organized by accident.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everything has a place everything has a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The way that places in time connect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's an order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A very predictable order that has been a core part of the lock and traditions, since kenza glances over at the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since I don't know, I mean the monastery is one of the That was the first thing actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The monastery came he was here before that, before this city was, and so a lot of what you see not just on these grounds, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the shrines in the area they've all have a deep tradition to them a history that's tied very intimately to the physical space and to the way that the cycles of time and the seasons interact with those places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we do have a bad habit now of arriving at done Mari monasteries when they're in states of dissertation or disrepair or other kind of catastrophes catastrophe seems to fall on them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So rishi I I does not bring me joy to hear that the majority of the monastery is left to deal with these these homeless, but i'm glad you're here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Certainly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will be spending time to try to learn as much as we.
Timothy Sackton: Can it indeed, will you be staying for dinner i'm sure your friend Joe Hart will be happy to see you as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't harsh here.
Timothy Sackton: I he'll be he'll be here for dinner.
Timothy Sackton: warning in the archives now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't idea that's good for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: It was a close call eyes dime led to believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so glances that a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bell with and secret shall we stay here for dinner, or why would you prefer that we go into town or it gets too dark.
Mike Sackton: Either way, I think, where we could even split up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm a little worried now about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The halfway concert takes out that the messenger stone and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While we.
Rev. David (he/him): While yeah yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the Where are you.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm i'm with Derek at the end it's so good to see half links again after so long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You made it.
Rev. David (he/him): Here is the.
Rev. David (he/him): Right size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kinds of as it like speakerphone managed service.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you have to happening in your at the same to happen again.
Bradley.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're out the red lily.
Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you settled down for dinner yet.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh i've had a bite or two, but I could always do more i'm sort of intended to get get settled here and then head back out your Wigan.
Rev. David (he/him): perfect.
Rev. David (he/him): There within the hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay kinds of consequences right, I mean we could go and meet well being the city and go meet up the quran at the inn at the tavern there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or we could all spend a little time here and chat a little bit more before we decide to go in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever whatever you want.
Mike Sackton: I would only wonder if we disappear for the night.
Mike Sackton: Will people.
Mike Sackton: How noticed, where we crossing the bridge how.
Mike Sackton: Is anybody you'd be spreading rumors that that that we're here are ready and.
Mike Sackton: Nobody knows.
Mike Sackton: Where we are feels to me like establishing a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: splashy presence helps us stay hidden after.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Like 95% certain down with that you are not noted, as an Elf.
Timothy Sackton: crossing the bridge, because you have to pay a toll to a guard and.
Timothy Sackton: The guard said.
Timothy Sackton: A dwarf and a half long and that's an odd.
Timothy Sackton: group but didn't particularly note or kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps if we've flown under the radar we just entered the city tomorrow and speak with your friend who works at the archives there's.
Mike Sackton: there's rumors I heard of.
Mike Sackton: An attempted theft there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Joe hearts and minds of kind of Ghana classes every issue when when a jar said he'd be back.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be here for dinner he he's still stays here.
Timothy Sackton: Many nights anyway, especially since.
Timothy Sackton: You say you've heard, there was a attempted theft.
Mike Sackton: hold on.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't just a theft, for people were killed right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A while the.
Mike Sackton: I heard, there was a successful factors, the rumor I heard.
Timothy Sackton: San fran.
Rev. David (he/him): Not just killed one of the buddies was torn to pieces, the throat was ripped out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this feels like why don't we talk about this together and not over the messaging stones well be you want to come back here for dinner and we'll we'll regroup once you get settled.
Rev. David (he/him): um yeah i'll be there soon as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and try not to get followed.
Rev. David (he/him): Is all web access.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or actually don't don't get followed.
Eric Rosenbaum: You sure that was well beyond the other end of this don't.
Mike Sackton: Attack attack.
Mike Sackton: While these early agatha.
Rev. David (he/him): Over sceptre of command I got a whole city here.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure why we let you keep that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel much better with well be adding a separate man still Personally, I feel the safest with seeker, but this.
Timothy Sackton: is for.
Mike Sackton: You should not try it with Brian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Secret the most likely to attune to it have any.
Rev. David (he/him): So you would destroy the world that of curiosity.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I but, but what would happen, I wonder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly there's an army camp right over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just think what we could do.
Timothy Sackton: So well because you're gonna stay for dinner well be is fighting up writing out for dinner.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's get settled in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he takes he takes you into the into the monastery itself.
Timothy Sackton: So so as you as you pass.
Timothy Sackton: Through the interview stable your horses and and leave your card and unload your gear and sort of carry it surreptitiously towards the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: As you pass the the the inner gate into the monastery you can see that there's a there's a walkway that circles, the monastery and there's a whole bunch of these sort of odd design shrines all around in a big big wide circle.
Timothy Sackton: it's like like arches standing stones like you can see, you know stone altar.
Timothy Sackton: A there's a spring that you can sort of see in the distance around the corner of the monastery just a whole bunch of these in a row in a circle around the monster and.
Timothy Sackton: And rishi takes you into the monastery itself as a big temple there's like the cloisters there's a garden in the middle of the clusters.
Timothy Sackton: there's the the archive at the monastery is the monastery has this own significant library and then there's like the chapter house the dining room dormitories kitchens storage does not does not like private rooms right people just stay in dormitories.
Timothy Sackton: And he also sort of slightly i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not i'm.
Timothy Sackton: slightly.
Timothy Sackton: In barest Lee you know kind of mentioned as you're walking you know.
Timothy Sackton: Times have been tough food is quite scarce right now.
Timothy Sackton: Normally, everybody who stays in the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: works to contribute to its upkeep is guessing you're not going to be sounds like you have a lot to do, but.
Timothy Sackton: If you have some coin, you could contribute.
Timothy Sackton: That would go a long way, especially for your mounts.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
Timothy Sackton: looks over at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we we give.
Eric Rosenbaum: We compare away.
Eric Rosenbaum: generously, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very generously.
Timothy Sackton: So, like generous would be.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: A couple gold per person per day, plus your mounts say like six gold today would be a generous amount for gold would be sort of a modest amount.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Generous it is.
Timothy Sackton: So you want to just take.
Timothy Sackton: Say 40 gold out of your party gold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man, these are counted later we lose our account again.
Timothy Sackton: Well, right now, it's just in the party treasure document.
Timothy Sackton: The NDP on keep saying they're going to create a party inventory and I keep waiting for them to actually create a party inventory, so I can just copy this entire big document on to the end beyond that they haven't done it yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: annoying.
Mike Sackton: We we should probably sell I mean I assume we have We probably have 1000 gold of or more of.
Timothy Sackton: Of gems.
Mike Sackton: gems in art and.
Mike Sackton: yeah trinkets We just need to sell it all.
Mike Sackton: Or, not all of it, but we need to sell enough of it, so that we're not worried about our rapidly dwindling gold supply.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean, but what about the pleasure palace.
Eric Rosenbaum: With what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just the decorations that we're going to keep for the palace that we build our.
Eric Rosenbaum: The flying the owner, the underwater palace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean several one for each ecological system but i'm just saying we need paintings is all and trinkets.
Timothy Sackton: Which is.
Timothy Sackton: very grateful, you give them 40 gold.
Timothy Sackton: i'm also going to take off five silver for the various told some things you have to pay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Money now TIM what's going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: tokers getting expensive all.
Timothy Sackton: been living off.
Timothy Sackton: kendra's dime for like months.
Timothy Sackton: When you got back from your very first adventure, he was like stay for free like we want to go you've been so great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but maybe when I go there, let us stay for free to their one.
Timothy Sackton: out the end unlikely.
Mike Sackton: That could be another 40 goals, this could be another six gold per per person prayer or two gold per person per whatever TIM said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our goal precise.
Mike Sackton: way how much are we paying you're paying 640 40 gold, for how many nights.
Timothy Sackton: For a week.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: There could be another 40 gold for the end.
Mike Sackton: But tip gave us like.
Timothy Sackton: five.
Timothy Sackton: have a lot of money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: um we're gonna have to somehow sell the diamond but that's not easy to do, probably.
Timothy Sackton: So you, you get you you various like a sort of a star rum, that you can get that sort of out of the way that Kansas thought of where you can stash any valuable treasures, you want to keep hitting.
Timothy Sackton: You get settled in in in in the dormitory there's actually it's you know enough people are there still like monks around right like you're not alone, but you can you get sort of a corner to yourself, as this is happening well be arrives as you're getting settled.
Timothy Sackton: You get a corner, that you can sort of set up as your little area.
Timothy Sackton: If you do ever want to sleep here.
Timothy Sackton: And you know between you know being shown around a little bit and.
Timothy Sackton: catching well be up on what's happened and.
Timothy Sackton: and getting your your leads stored that takes you just about to the dinner bell.
Timothy Sackton: So you had to the dining.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: skip a little bit of that yes.
Timothy Sackton: You there's a bunch of.
Timothy Sackton: People that you recognize, I mean you know, everybody right kenzo but a few potentially important people that you know at dinner.
Timothy Sackton: So, Joe hire your friend who works in the archives arise and greets you and it's super happy to see you hey welcome back i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: can see.
Timothy Sackton: She is the the Miss di, who is the sort of head of the of the library, the archive it's really a library at the at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: um so she has stayed and she rarely she basically only ever leaves the library, except for for meals.
Timothy Sackton: And the other person so there's a you know there's a bunch of other monks sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: vaguely by name, you create, but the other person that you, you know kind of notice and it and you remember, is a bosu who is.
Timothy Sackton: So one of the things that the locking monastery is known for because you've been pestering me for so long is created so most of the different miss di groups.
Timothy Sackton: In Dunbar sort of are often the source of a lot of the magic items that are spread done my right, so the the shack Kuhn, where the source of.
Timothy Sackton: Like many potions and things like that the lock and Miss die, who are known for manipulating extra planner energy are known for creating.
Timothy Sackton: balance and backpacks that are larger on the inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, oh.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and bossy.
Timothy Sackton: Is the the sort of head caretaker of the workshop so in the back behind the monastery there's a series of workshops are they.
Timothy Sackton: They construct these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: The industrial accidents that can occur when.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the process of attempting to make this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so, but he is sort of crumbly at dinner he seems like pretty like grumpy about everything.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean if you want to talk to anybody right yeah, otherwise we can just assume you, you know catch up.
Mike Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: You want to talk to him.
Mike Sackton: I wanted to try and get.
Mike Sackton: Well, was the same job Jasper, Joe fire.
Timothy Sackton: Joe hi.
Mike Sackton: Joe hi I want to hear about what's going on with the archive I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah so maybe maybe just sure because we've heard about the same event now from at least three different perspectives on maybe we can try to unify exactly what is going on here della do you want to start with what you, you understand about what's unfolding.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll say maybe because he doesn't really want to be mean.
Timothy Sackton: This is not something you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably want to discuss like.
Timothy Sackton: In a big meal.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you know, with all the monks around.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe we'll say you eat dinner you sort of get introduced to everybody, but after dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Not the four of you and Joe are kind of go off to the side a little bit you sort of pull them over and say Look, we want to talk about though what's happened in town.
Mike Sackton: So that sounds fine, but before that way.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Mike Sackton: What is the mean there's like what a dozen monks here half a dozen month.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably about a dozen now.
Timothy Sackton: Normally there might be.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's probably more like like 2025 like.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to like.
Mike Sackton: poking like try and.
Mike Sackton: Get Joe hard to spill the beans or like anything like that, but like just a sense like are things terrible is there some does every does anybody know I mean without.
Mike Sackton: Without like grilling him or questioning him.
Mike Sackton: it's totally reasonable he works in the archives.
Mike Sackton: How was work today.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, is it like.
Mike Sackton: Is it like oh my God it's the 17th killing or is the.
Timothy Sackton: nothing's happened for something like something like.
Timothy Sackton: Almost a month now, but the archives have been like locked down like nobody's like since the staff nobody's allowed really in or out.
Timothy Sackton: Like only the people who work there are had relationships already are certain so and he's so and he still has felt nervous, so he comes back and sleep to the monastery whenever he can he used to spend most nights in the archives there's there's the archives is a big building.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it has lodging it has dormitories that has a kitchen that has everything.
Mike Sackton: The whole point of doing this in front of all the other monks is is it like everybody like grumbling like why didn't Why is everything so bad or are people like supportive of the lockdown like what's the.
Timothy Sackton: The mood yeah so actually make a.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: charisma charisma, which are you charisma check, but with proficiency if your proficiency investigation.
Timothy Sackton: So charisma investigation check.
Mike Sackton: That is slightly too high, because i'm not provision investigation.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it should be like 10 ish or something I mean your you know your general sense of the mood is that.
Timothy Sackton: really what people are grumbling about its food.
Timothy Sackton: Car nos is on army has been camp here for like a month, more than a month, now is the worst it's a tough time of year, to begin with, because it's right before the month citizens.
Timothy Sackton: So if you know it's tough to find stuff to eat that's why it's on most people's mind it's like most of the monks are grumbling about that.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody seems like super happy, but it's just because its food is scarce, there were tons of refugees here, most of them have left but they ate a ton of food, too, so all the stores are threadbare.
Timothy Sackton: that's really the top of people's minds that you know the killings, there were four people got killed and, like the month the archives are but.
Timothy Sackton: Most people the archives are dark Hudson the time anyway, I sort of distant to their lives and nothing's happened since then, so it wasn't like a.
Timothy Sackton: killing spree it was yeah some stuff was stolen, but who cares.
Timothy Sackton: The only other thing is um so basu is crumbly about the fact that everybody's laughing and he's like.
Timothy Sackton: And nobody's taking his problem seriously it's not entirely clear what his problems are breeze like if no one's going to help me out will have ominous omens of our own right here.
Mike Sackton: Out of see how it will like follow up on that you know what is your problems is there anything I can do to help.
Timothy Sackton: He he's you get the sense that everybody has been sort of like tell like Pooh poohing him for four weeks and so when somebody actually.
Mike Sackton: Somebody new is dealt with the.
Mike Sackton: fate will well like do all of the interesting i'm totally interested ask leading questions.
Timothy Sackton: I get asked make a persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the charming down.
Timothy Sackton: So he he he looks at you, and then he does a double take when you realize that you're an Elf, and he sort of liens and he says.
Timothy Sackton: i'm, you will understand.
Timothy Sackton: So, and he explains the whole story is i'm not gonna like it just in time.
Timothy Sackton: So he explains the whole story is basically that um.
Timothy Sackton: So this ah this monastery is built on top of an ancient elven brew and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like.
Timothy Sackton: millennia ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's come out and said.
Timothy Sackton: And there are and the owls had found some sort of weak place between planes and they had built a whole little like workshop and thing around the US.
Timothy Sackton: And he's like very excited to see analogies like it's you know someday you should go see it, but not right now, because nobody has tended to it and it's overgrown.
Timothy Sackton: And he says he says.
Timothy Sackton: Normally, what we do take the materials that we're going to that we're going to work on and the energy kind of bubbles out of bubbles out from this other plane and we let them soak and then we can go back and and construct them, but it needs to be it needs to be cut back there's some.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a vine that just keeps growing and growing and growing and growing, and if you don't cut it back it turns into.
Timothy Sackton: It strangles your crops.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody takes me seriously about this, but it's going to be a much bigger problem than everybody thinks there's probably strange.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows what down there now it's been.
Timothy Sackton: Two months now, since any of this.
Timothy Sackton: Extra planner energy was last.
Timothy Sackton: harvested.
Mike Sackton: Why.
Mike Sackton: Is nobody raises a hand and interrupts.
Rev. David (he/him): We probably should get a good night's sleep first, but then send us down.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm ready to go right now actually.
Mike Sackton: um Why is nobody harvesting it.
Timothy Sackton: Well they're concerned about their omens.
Timothy Sackton: All of them wrote off they were worried about the.
Timothy Sackton: it's and it's probably kind of dangerous down there, I went just go myself.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh i'm very serious.
Mike Sackton: yeah well, we will write off on to another plane, with no real fears, whether.
Timothy Sackton: or not a bad it's just a weak point but the energy of this other plane bubbles through.
Mike Sackton: The ruins accessible.
Timothy Sackton: They are yeah that's how we make the the bags in the backpacks and the portable halls there's a door there's a.
Timothy Sackton: I can show you if you're willing to go down there but i've been waiting for somebody who has some biting scale to come back to this.
Timothy Sackton: stop worrying about their problems and come deal with this.
Rev. David (he/him): Is silver where it stands up.
Rev. David (he/him): Looking around expectantly.
Timothy Sackton: You want to go tomorrow.
Rev. David (he/him): Tomorrow, tomorrow, so I know.
That.
Mike Sackton: understands that and welby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shannon well be shoulder and just you know a little ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was like as soon as well, he stands up everybody just kind of like stops and is looking at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that is like just this.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm also free tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: That will will say well.
Mike Sackton: I do have some skill, with a weight and some experience of.
Mike Sackton: Extra planner challenges.
Mike Sackton: We may be able to help you.
Mike Sackton: See by companion is quite eager.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it is a master of euphemism, it turns out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: euphemism.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's funny I was never really into your work as much honestly when I was here the years that I was here because I never had anything that was worth holding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't want I didn't know this was the only like dealt with kinds of you know, places that this is basically the only thing I ever I ever I ever owned, while I was here, so I apologize for my lack of interest in your work at the time but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I assure you that we have a lot of experience now over the past bunch of months dealing with some pretty strange energy related to other dimensions and planes and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like this would be worthy for us to have a look at tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: I am overjoyed.
Timothy Sackton: I have not come by my workshop in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I have not seen signs of ourselves and.
Mike Sackton: Many, many, many years, it would be nice to see something that reminds me of home.
Mike Sackton: Even if it isn't ruin.
kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's larkins well that you showed up here, I am sure that.
Timothy Sackton: listens to my problems it's destiny.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a bit puzzled because I think we're all very curious and would love to help you, but why.
Eric Rosenbaum: To solve a problem involving a overgrowth of a bubbling up of energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you mention that it's necessary to have someone was fighting skill.
Timothy Sackton: promise you will still go.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, and I know that I speak for them.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: That the place that this.
Timothy Sackton: is connected to.
Timothy Sackton: This plane is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we don't.
Timothy Sackton: don't know a lot about it, but it seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: The energy that it produces seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Like nature unchained untamed the wildest parts of the wild lands that you can imagine.
Timothy Sackton: And the last time that we let it go this long without absorbing the energy.
Timothy Sackton: seem to have.
Timothy Sackton: corrupted to have influence to have seeped into some of the.
Timothy Sackton: SLIME molds and fun guy that grow in the cave.
Timothy Sackton: And one of them attacked.
Mike Sackton: A nice change of pace.
Mike Sackton: killing a SLIME mold instead of a no or a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Water elemental.
Mike Sackton: Though.
Rev. David (he/him): befriending a SLIME mold but yours works also.
Timothy Sackton: Just be careful, if you do this.
Timothy Sackton: But I will be forever grateful and if you.
Timothy Sackton: If you do this i'm sure I can create something for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think are in great great need of your art artistry and talents.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I am so pleased to hear you say that kenzo because for years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All you want to know is fight, I know I apologize, it seems that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns out some some time and experience and change one's perspective on things, so it gives them a party pat on the back.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, well, I am, this has been a very enlightening and enjoyable dinner.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: thankful aka that you have all arrived at this day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza raises a glass what's his name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basu basu to you.
Mike Sackton: It has been a pleasure meeting you.
Mike Sackton: Listening to your tail.
Timothy Sackton: So he explains the way this works is he has these vials of oil that has been.
Timothy Sackton: magically enchanted so it can absorb the energy of this plane, so you basically need to take a vial down there.
Timothy Sackton: place it on the.
Timothy Sackton: The weak point where the energy of their plane wait leaks through and wait for 30 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna give you two because there might be a lot of excess energy and then, once it's all been absorbed you can bring it back up and he uses that to work into leather and other stuff to make bags of whole thing and portable holes and whatever else you want.
Mike Sackton: sounds good, you.
Mike Sackton: Get affordable perfect.
Mike Sackton: Just what we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: is full of operation of this oil that's very interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else, what else can you could use that sort of energy absorption for well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if dealt with can like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: REACH into the other dimension inside the other elven dimension, I can be like in like you know that does that work.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what could possibly go wrong.
Mike Sackton: The other dimension, like the shadow realm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you stick that into the the whole like into the I mean I know he said it wasn't a portal, but you know.
Mike Sackton: dealt with doesn't really.
Mike Sackton: he's actually channeling his power is actually coming from a God, a small small God trapped on the shadow realm who has learned how to.
Mike Sackton: draw on the power of the shadow realm and feed it into dealt with as if he was a worshiper basically but.
Mike Sackton: yeah no he's not really dealt with didn't know this, until recently, but why.
Mike Sackton: he's not really reaching into the shadow realm he's actually a conduit for this God who's trapped on the shadow realm and therefore as easy access to the power of the shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It interesting right.
Timothy Sackton: So so he's very happy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To have a conversation with God bar yes.
Timothy Sackton: So as dinner finishes up and you sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Clear help everybody clear up and get settled for the evening yeah Joe are.
Timothy Sackton: You know walks out with you to sit sit in the.
Timothy Sackton: Class a little place sit in the cloisters.
Mike Sackton: would just hold on before we do that with the librarian be somebody who knows lots of things, presumably.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to speak to the library to but let's do these one at.
Mike Sackton: A time we get a just doing it, I don't even think we'll get to the library and tonight just during dinner dealt with will.
Mike Sackton: Try and cultivate a little bit of a hey i'm i'm an interesting person, you might want to talk to me to learn about history from 300 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no we're all going to talk with the library and.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she I mean she is um she's definitely interested in you and she is you, you sense that her and and.
Timothy Sackton: basu out some sort of relationship to the fact that you've like paid attention to him is also getting you on her good side.
Timothy Sackton: So.
So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: you've heard rumors of the of the archive troubles as well.
Timothy Sackton: What have you heard.
Mike Sackton: i've only heard.
Mike Sackton: That some somebody tried to steal something or perhaps exceeded it stealing something.
Mike Sackton: Not much more than that.
Rev. David (he/him): And that for were killed in the process, one of which was ripped apart like been animal month ago.
Timothy Sackton: Two of which were ripped apart.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see the body as myself.
Timothy Sackton: But so i've heard.
Timothy Sackton: And the other two.
Timothy Sackton: went missing and are presumed dead.
Timothy Sackton: But I am not so sure what happened to them, to be honest.
Mike Sackton: Do you know what was taken.
Timothy Sackton: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: I know that.
Timothy Sackton: The archives are divided into.
Timothy Sackton: into military records and divine records.
Timothy Sackton: My work largely centers on the divine records.
Timothy Sackton: But what was stolen was taken from the military records.
Timothy Sackton: These records go back centuries.
Timothy Sackton: Further, perhaps in my work i've i've even seen.
Timothy Sackton: scrolls and notes from 400 years ago, much of what we do is in fact copying over the old letters on the new paper, so they will not eat last time.
Mike Sackton: That was just looks slightly amused that they do 400 years being on time.
Mike Sackton: 400 years, that is.
Mike Sackton: A lengthy time for a human yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes indeed, for when such as yourself, maybe not so long time but.
Mike Sackton: remind me how long ago the Great War was.
Timothy Sackton: The great war was about.
Timothy Sackton: 150 200 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: But I did not know.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps others at the archive who who work in the military records may know more.
Timothy Sackton: One of the archivist who that was.
Timothy Sackton: was working on a book of justification of the nyan dynasty and it's divine legacy and I believe had been poring through some of those records.
Rev. David (he/him): dynasty.
Rev. David (he/him): that's the current rulers.
Timothy Sackton: that's the current rulers yeah.
it's interesting.
Mike Sackton: And those are all military records not divine records.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes, his his thesis his.
Timothy Sackton: thrust of his scholarship was that.
Timothy Sackton: Many of the wars that nyan dynasty far could not have been one without the aid of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: And so, had the gods not favorite them.
Timothy Sackton: They would not exist.
Timothy Sackton: Because they would have been defeated in battle.
Timothy Sackton: And so, he had focused on the military records.
Mike Sackton: But he went missing.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, he went missing.
Rev. David (he/him): just said so just not knowing too much about knowing the history.
Rev. David (he/him): That our rightful nyan ruler, even without a superior force might overcome their enemies on the field of battle.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this is a theological question, I guess, historically, yes, that has been true that the rightful rulers have been blessed by the gods and the blessing of the gods is a powerful thing.
Timothy Sackton: For our gear rides to battle with you how can you lose.
Timothy Sackton: But, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Many models are skilled in war as well and victory does not prove divine intent.
Mike Sackton: Define intent does not guarantee victory.
Timothy Sackton: does not guarantee victory that is for sure.
Rev. David (he/him): Perhaps it doesn't history of the dynasty.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking more of the battles of the Great War true.
Mike Sackton: But this scholar was.
Mike Sackton: Not it sounds about to discover that the nyan dynasty was not in fact.
Timothy Sackton: That was not the position that he was writing his work from No.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean I it was still he was still collecting notes.
Mike Sackton: You know if an inventory has been taken this somebody know what's missing.
Timothy Sackton: archives of this size in this age or not well catalogued, there is no inventory that could be.
Timothy Sackton: That could indicate what was lost.
Timothy Sackton: But, as I say, those who work in the military section may know more.
Timothy Sackton: There are many the archives are organized, there are the archivists who are scholars, but there are many scribes.
Timothy Sackton: Because most of the work, as I say, is copying records and then the scribes tend to work in.
Timothy Sackton: One unit.
Timothy Sackton: Organized under head scribes.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you would have to talk to the.
Timothy Sackton: Chief archivist or some of the scribes to.
Timothy Sackton: Learn if anybody knew and.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just gonna say Meta game on Meta game aren't there wouldn't there be like kind of you know, the magical version of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ai replacing Labor like rich like Oh, why the Fuck do we need an army of scribes and we just cast a copy everything spell and then like so like, then the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Net, I mean like is that is that a thing we're like been described, like, why do we even have it exists because they just make a cool magic item that displaces all of us are word.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sustainability trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: With that.
Timothy Sackton: There is no copy everything.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, whether it's even have to copy their own spousal into their spouse book so.
Timothy Sackton: it's not copy everything spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: make an atonement and on magically copy stuff for you, but then it takes a lot of energies are the word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Engine sorry.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: Who controls the archive.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: He formerly speaking.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm just gotta get my list of names here i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Right, whereas.
Mike Sackton: I don't care what the names honestly the.
Timothy Sackton: high priest of toker.
Timothy Sackton: She is the.
Timothy Sackton: chief administrator of everything in this town.
Timothy Sackton: But I would say the one who really knows the.
Timothy Sackton: archives.
Timothy Sackton: would be art on the chief archive best.
Timothy Sackton: medic he is a dedicated of lock i'm sure he'd be willing to speak with you on my request.
Mike Sackton: medicaid don't have a letter from kendra said to the high priest of to Chris saying.
Timothy Sackton: hey do, yes, you do.
Mike Sackton: do everything that these people ask.
Mike Sackton: Because you're awesome okay.
Mike Sackton: And we had some reason to believe that would be mildly somewhat effective right like interests and no Sir or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah kendra as the notes are big.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's felt like I could be writing a letter just to.
Mike Sackton: Dave short saying give this to Joe Biden i'll do whatever you.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's like it's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the speaker of a.
Timothy Sackton: have one of these like really like mystical orders is is effectively equivalent to the high priest of a relatively major city in terms of.
Timothy Sackton: spiritual rank so.
Mike Sackton: So there's sort of peers in the spiritual hierarchy.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: If the if the conversation about this mystery kind of dies down before the evening ends Dallas has a total tangent question.
Mike Sackton: But I don't want to jump on that until we're done yeah.
Timothy Sackton: A conversation ball jars sort of winding down unless anybody has more questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is you jar.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, where did you say sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I just said it's good to good to see if we can once we figure out a little more what's going on the archives, we can catch me up a little bit more on what's going on in the monastery but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i've been, to be honest i've been very busy since this happened.
We have bad.
Timothy Sackton: it's it feels a little bit like a bunker over there, right now.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but no more attacks, but.
Timothy Sackton: Until somebody can track down what was lost.
Timothy Sackton: Everything everybody's checking and double checking all of their.
Timothy Sackton: Sexual sectionals everything to make sure that.
Timothy Sackton: nothing's been misplaced or or.
Timothy Sackton: Just yeah.
Timothy Sackton: cataloging the best we can for.
Timothy Sackton: So, three weeks now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though so just you know the other thing that we've been hearing about is the presence of charting in the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen or heard about that.
Timothy Sackton: Does a future Tony ins with the army to come into the city that often.
Rev. David (he/him): advisors.
Timothy Sackton: I think there are a small contingent of the major guard.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: magical forces that.
Timothy Sackton: supports cardone and legions.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 or 15 of them at most.
Timothy Sackton: I gather that car nos and and.
Timothy Sackton: sent some letter asking for help, and there was some concern about what magical dangers and could come off the blasted plans in the absence of defenses and so chart and sign a few wizards to watch our back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right and it wouldn't have no reason to do the archives, with a.
Timothy Sackton: That is a theory, I have not heard.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't it.
Mike Sackton: doesn't sound like the archives were looted.
Rev. David (he/him): who knew about the research that was being done, we presumably this is fairly esoteric.
Timothy Sackton: I mean I knew and I just knew this archivist and passing i'm sure it is small circle of friends and colleagues new event a doubt he ever went.
Timothy Sackton: left the archives or wandered around town.
Timothy Sackton: Who would care really.
Timothy Sackton: don't think chart Why would I mean we have copied information at request of.
Timothy Sackton: of charter onions, in fact, there was.
Timothy Sackton: Some time ago, there was a old scholar name of severus who came through and asked for a few copies of couple of records that touched on some work he was doing about chardon Ian history and happy to copy them.
Timothy Sackton: archivist well most pieces of the archive or not secret.
Mike Sackton: This.
Timothy Sackton: know why they would steal it.
Mike Sackton: seems more like somebody who wanted to suppress something not somebody who wanted to learn.
Mike Sackton: It draw attention to it and kill for archivists.
Mike Sackton: or or even who knows if they weren't even killed two are still missing.
Mike Sackton: seems like somebody trying to.
Mike Sackton: ensure some piece of information doesn't get out which doesn't strike me as char dhoni.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, most of them again at the issue a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: monk or resist that we were at a.
soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah Joe Hart you know, in addition to the the kind of learn a little more about the archives are also looking for a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: priestess of beach man by the name of soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You heard she may be in Tokyo, have you heard of this person.
Timothy Sackton: On until cry.
Timothy Sackton: don't know of any priestess of peace that might.
Timothy Sackton: She lived in the city i'm sure I would know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We find her, she may be in the outskirts someplace I don't know exactly what we just know she's in there, which we talked to.
Timothy Sackton: The high priestess right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the temple yeah.
The temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the agenda for tomorrow, I think.
Mike Sackton: I had a small question to ask about your own research.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: you study the history of religion.
Timothy Sackton: My interests lots.
Timothy Sackton: Of lock us specifically my interest in the archives is is trying to write a history of this place of this monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Together, the records, I can find and and.
Timothy Sackton: described the miracles of makkah that have sustained us, to this day.
Mike Sackton: Are there any.
Mike Sackton: tomes that list old gods.
Mike Sackton: Name trying to hunt down.
Timothy Sackton: You should talk to cassie.
Timothy Sackton: She might know she's the library here may have such a tone.
Timothy Sackton: If one exists.
Timothy Sackton: But that has not been my interest and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'm concerned with with locker himself primarily.
Mike Sackton: bow.
Mike Sackton: If you do such a thing.
Mike Sackton: Looking for records of a.
Mike Sackton: God who.
Mike Sackton: worships North not amongst Dunbar but in the north, before the Great War.
Mike Sackton: Is Ali.
Timothy Sackton: name is not familiar that isn't.
Timothy Sackton: An unfamiliar language.
Timothy Sackton: To me, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: What is this word come from.
Mike Sackton: We ever forget what language it well be would have been that now yeah anything so.
Mike Sackton: I must admit to not knowing.
Timothy Sackton: The type of question that Kathy would probably be interested in hearing, to be honest.
Mike Sackton: don't keep that in mind, thank you for your generous gift of your time.
Timothy Sackton: Anything for this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: search.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: search and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they also want to ask Joe Hart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll say telepathically I want to ask is what's going to happen in this city once.
Rev. David (he/him): Once what's her name announces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you mean civil war.
Eric Rosenbaum: She doesn't have any military.
Eric Rosenbaum: History to suppress tissue.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say telepathically not allowed yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean that's what caught my ear earlier.
Rev. David (he/him): If the done Mari god's side.
Rev. David (he/him): With the rightful rulers and she is one I mean no matter that there's 500 Horsemen and a dozen majors.
Mike Sackton: she's the right for one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: signs point to yes.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't what.
Mike Sackton: what's I mean.
Mike Sackton: I was challenged by her as well, but, but what signs to point to yes, to be honest.
Rev. David (he/him): We understand her to have the next in the line of succession.
Rev. David (he/him): But then again the fact that she was captured maybe a sign that it was not divinely ordained that she should take the throne.
Rev. David (he/him): These are questions for field.
Rev. David (he/him): And in any case I tend to think.
Rev. David (he/him): As a nun done Mari.
Rev. David (he/him): The most important question to me is how far do we need to be from the city when the news arrives.
Mike Sackton: Yes, well, perhaps too bad and then in the morning, we can.
Mike Sackton: Go to other dimension.
Mike Sackton: than this, yes, that first perhaps and then make an entrance into the city and and.
Rev. David (he/him): That feels like a good after breakfast kind of a thing to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I was just gonna say breakfast first please breakfast first.
Timothy Sackton: They all got a bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also want to talk to the librarian right.
Mike Sackton: borrow money.
Mike Sackton: We use, I mean.
Mike Sackton: let's let's.
Mike Sackton: let's let's solve all basses problems, then she'll be really grateful and tell us everything she knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, she.
Rev. David (he/him): Is.
Rev. David (he/him): Very well taken care of in their in their stables.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah baxter's baxter's good i'm I am wait.
Mike Sackton: We seventh level, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just sending you about to send you all messages.
Timothy Sackton: My chat is not working for some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might want to restart zoom something.
Timothy Sackton: Here, let me see if it's just there we go it's just too much text sorry I got a little carried away.
Rev. David (he/him): For a little spill snow.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and I had all I spent all this time preparing to level up and and now TIM never level us up last time and i've totally forgotten everything that I picked.
Eric Rosenbaum: A collection either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Tim put it in there now.
Timothy Sackton: I put it in there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it actually have to do the.
Timothy Sackton: You actually have to do it on DNA beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, this is slow, because.
Timothy Sackton: I am having to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you should all go level yourself up to level seven.
Timothy Sackton: and take a long rest of you happened recently to just reset everything.
Timothy Sackton: You all set everybody sad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude in the gear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see it.
Mike Sackton: This is the level I get some in greater deep.
Mike Sackton: joking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So after we change it to seven, then what happens, let me just go home.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you shouldn't have to do anything else.
Timothy Sackton: Because you because you, and while we don't have to don't have anything to pack you just.
Timothy Sackton: You get an extra key you got.
Timothy Sackton: um evasion, which lets you.
Timothy Sackton: If you.
Timothy Sackton: have to make a deck saving throw to avoid damage, if you succeed you take no damage.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Innovation and.
Timothy Sackton: You can have it yeah both both of you get a vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sweep cool.
Timothy Sackton: And seeker and down with get fourth level spell.
Mike Sackton: i'm loving it i'm slipping swapping out what am I spells to TIM.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm getting taken tongues.
Timothy Sackton: All right, you talk, you mentioned that yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there were some other.
Mike Sackton: Some other.
Mike Sackton: Some other way, yes yeah.
Mike Sackton: There was another way.
Mike Sackton: But now Dallas can read all right now, the goal languages.
Timothy Sackton: How, and now you can make two people fly or make three people and visible.
Mike Sackton: also true.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, very.
Mike Sackton: I can make two people fly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you wake up in the morning gather for breakfast at the at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: and prepared to.
Timothy Sackton: head out towards that this is first thing after breakfast you're going to go talk to bass.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: So so bass, who is again very pleased that you showed up in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Like he was a little uncertain, if you are serious about this he's pondering about this workshop it has these like um.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's mostly like a leather working workshop.
Timothy Sackton: I like there's you know big pieces of lava that are stretched out but everything's in sort of disarray, and there's no finished product here at all, and he has been unable to construct anything for a while.
Timothy Sackton: And he hands you three three vials like pretty good sized vials of.
Timothy Sackton: Of this sort of thick viscous clear oil.
Timothy Sackton: and explains to you that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, so that it says the.
Timothy Sackton: passage way that we carve goes down into this, the entrance to the old elven ruins and it's it's not that big you know if you just go straight.
Timothy Sackton: you'll pass through some doors and there's like a little guardroom there's living quarters to the left and dining course the right if you continue straight ahead that's where the the portal is weak point.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just keep these vials place them should be obvious.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's energy is coming from, and this.
Timothy Sackton: Oil in here must absorb that power for.
Timothy Sackton: 30 minutes and probably be good.
Timothy Sackton: and hopefully you'll see that the as it absorbs that the energy of the place, however, whatever strange things that looks like.
Timothy Sackton: fades over time, as the energies is absorbed into this oil instead of.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever is around.
Timothy Sackton: And then bring it back.
Timothy Sackton: simple as that, but be careful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Careful of the animated living things SLIME molds.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So he takes you to.
Timothy Sackton: sort of back behind the workshop that so that the monastery is set on a hill and he takes you down a little bit and there's this.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a large metal door.
Timothy Sackton: Now large double metal door plain functional relatively new probably replace like 30 years ago, or something which is just like there's a huge bar that's just locking them shot.
Timothy Sackton: And he lifts the bar up and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Just just knock when you want to get out.
Timothy Sackton: pushes you all inside and you hear the bar slam down behind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: allows does.
Timothy Sackton: The quarter.
Timothy Sackton: That you are now and is pitch black.
Timothy Sackton: And descends sharply.
Timothy Sackton: For maybe 100 feet, so, while being kenza you can't see anything at all, unless you're popping out your Jeff clubs.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how did you know to prep this part of adventure like how did you know that we would want to do this.
Timothy Sackton: It was the most obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like we could tell him tell him just ignore this whole thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He didn't go back holding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A fucking bag of holding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: been bitching about for.
Timothy Sackton: A year yes well what happened was I wanted each of the Dunbar you missed it to be like known for a certain magic and once you started like a while ago when you started complaining about.
Timothy Sackton: New.
Timothy Sackton: bag of holding eyes, like oh perfect I can't just give you a bag of holding there has to be a quest.
Mike Sackton: tactically you can just give us a bag of holding.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: Is my interviews, this is cool I like the class, yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's great.
Timothy Sackton: Anything you're doing as you descend underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still essence.
Mike Sackton: eyes of before we go in, I was I did get this out of time, but I was going to do the ritual adapter tech magic.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you've got the deck magic up for the next 30 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: stone sense, what are you looking for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: The range of stone, since I can't put it it's like 300 feet vertical correctly.
Timothy Sackton: So it's under we we changed it up a little bit it's under actions few scroll down, you can choose to either locate metal.
Timothy Sackton: Which means you name one specific thing like iron or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whenever a.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can sense that it within 1000 feet, or you can just sense the presence of something valuable or uncut gems unmarked metal or native elements within 300 feet it's not it was it's not a treasure detector anymore you can't just like detect treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright we'll do this, since or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So there is not.
Timothy Sackton: There is no like or or any other kind of native elements within 300 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Last for 10 minutes or something pops up all i'll tell you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we looking at right now.
Timothy Sackton: Right now, you you're just on the.
Mike Sackton: map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just.
Timothy Sackton: There yeah there's no map so.
Mike Sackton: What tell me again where quarter.
Mike Sackton: i'm just saying this is just like a narrow quarter going down.
Timothy Sackton: it's a narrow quarter going down about about eight feet tall four feet wide, this has been read this, as was constructed by the done Marty, this is like your access point.
Mike Sackton: go down.
Timothy Sackton: So it descends.
Timothy Sackton: sharply for about 100 maybe about 60 feet and then net like graduate like becomes a little bit more gradual.
Timothy Sackton: um and.
Timothy Sackton: You, as it.
Timothy Sackton: becomes a little bit more gradual it's like there's a dampness in the air and you start seeing like little like flecks of of like little like the way, like filaments roots of of fun guy and things sort of creeping along the walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like actively creeping.
Timothy Sackton: Now just just stills but they're.
going.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we underneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: On in the like what would be up at the surface, where we are.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I mean like is there a particular part of the monastery that are under.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah I guess at the moment you'd be under sort of the workshop.
Eric Rosenbaum: just wondering where the elven ruins were relative to the rest of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: story here it's here.
Timothy Sackton: fairly far underground at this point it descended quite steeply for the first 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a like maybe a 30 degree angle so you're you know 10s of feet underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: hell with it, these ancient elven cities wouldn't have been themselves underground, but they wondering why elven ruins are so deep.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the land has been overthrown twice completely since the elves were here, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: So surface structure that was buried.
Mike Sackton: or.
Mike Sackton: An entire chain of mountains was raised up 200 years ago, who knows what I mean obviously the Alvin ruins were not on the ground 20 years ago presume a voice.
Right monastery predates the Great War but.
Just.
Mike Sackton: The elven.
Mike Sackton: city was probably in the great forest here.
Mike Sackton: It would get buried over time just the creation of dirt.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah the other game like ancient cities get taller over time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you descend you now come out.
Timothy Sackton: into an entrance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Let me pull up your characters here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What that Frankenstein soundtrack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're ready for it.
that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Why.
Timothy Sackton: Are you in.
Timothy Sackton: Your drift club is like behind you.
Timothy Sackton: secrets third.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait till till black still for me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh yeah cuz you don't act I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: draw the quarter you don't actually fit into the room yet.
Timothy Sackton: i'll fix that for you in a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as soon as there's space, right now, you can't see anything because down with us blocking that within kensal are blocking.
Mike Sackton: That it's all black for me to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah same here.
Timothy Sackton: Try moving yourself.
Mike Sackton: I don't see my token anywhere.
Saying.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't why don't you.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: It will 20 mess something up.
Mike Sackton: it's all black.
Mike Sackton: Black black black.
Mike Sackton: I don't seem to be on the map like if I try and select myself I don't exist.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me try, let me try putting hear you out now again.
Timothy Sackton: Can you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, controlled by.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait.
Mike Sackton: I can see some.
Mike Sackton: I put myself on the map.
Mike Sackton: And I can see now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me Oh, you know I know why I didn't put you on the token mayor, I put you on the map layer
Timothy Sackton: Now, can you see.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, sorry that was my fault.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Steps into the room.
Mike Sackton: Well okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it doesn't step into the room down with steps comes to the entrance where you can see the room in front of them and describes to everybody piled up behind him who can't see anything at the moment um.
Mike Sackton: But, but it does look like.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so let me say what you see i'm sorry i'm just pulling everybody out here, where as well.
Timothy Sackton: So you see that with sees ahead of you i'm a what looks like what used to be some grand entrance hall.
Timothy Sackton: to your left.
Timothy Sackton: up this way there's like a giant pile of rubble that seems to have been a cave in or a blocking of the entrance there's a row of pillars.
Timothy Sackton: five pillars by five pillars, so a total of 10 pillars running down the room there are some water dripping around some of the pillars these patches here, you can see them are there's like little sort of.
Timothy Sackton: places where it looks like this the floor of the cavern is is wet um and then there's a couple of the pillars have this leg bright yellow fungus growing on them and then all around there's the sort of patches of this of this bioluminescent Funk is casting a dim light into everything.
The entire.
Timothy Sackton: The entire area ground is damp and every now and then you hear a scurrying sound like something sort of skirting around along the ground.
Timothy Sackton: growing up the walls there's also a bunch of like mushrooms and and fun guy and.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of pale green glow of this fun guy reflects off these damp patches and off the pillars and you can see that the pillars have our script winding up them in circles.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But it is faint and seems to be you'd have to get closer that to them.
Timothy Sackton: In a couple of the pillars are though there's like this yellow mold is growing all over them, so you can't read what's what's even though i'm on the writing there.
Mike Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So I have a question yep.
Timothy Sackton: And the pillars are faintly magical.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: The Armor the shadow blessed breastplate you gave me.
Mike Sackton: This has never come up.
Mike Sackton: It says as a bonus action you can cause wisps the fatter to gather around the Armor yeah, these are not denser dark enough to obscure you, except in areas of dim lights that mean in areas of dim light and I presumed this as dim light, it would be enough to hear me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, I think the idea is if you're like standing in against the shadowy wall and.
Timothy Sackton: everything's dim you can use that to hide, I think I would say if it doesn't it wouldn't work for sort of sneaking across a room, you have to be still, but if you wanted to um.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it would obscure you in dim light.
Mike Sackton: But not heavily obscured.
Timothy Sackton: I if you are if you're not it like the the idea behind it i'm not quite sure how to write this and D amp D terms is that right if you're like hiding up against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: You can cause the Armor to basically create shadows around you that look like the shadow of the walls extending and so you could hide, even if you were only in dim light.
Timothy Sackton: But if you're walking through the middle of a room you just looked like a moving block of shadow you still can't it's not it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Like a block of darkness around.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it's not it doesn't give attackers disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: If you if you are like pressed up against the wall and you head and then something moved you could shoot and now just laughed at it with the dead, but it's not you don't count as heavily skewed or does it around.
OK.
Mike Sackton: I will nonetheless.
Mike Sackton: create those with.
Timothy Sackton: shadow I may as well Okay, I was.
Mike Sackton: Actually, before everything starts.
Mike Sackton: And then I guess we're going to go into the room.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to I mean you don't have much of a choice.
Mike Sackton: I would like to so prepared for combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drink the vials.
Mike Sackton: Actually i'm gonna cast Armor of I get to us before I go in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, you said, the Armor I gotta.
Mike Sackton: I get this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little it totally unrelated.
Mike Sackton: totally unrelated.
Mike Sackton: And then I will cautiously walk towards one of the pillars here, keeping an eye out for anything moving but i'd like writing says.
Timothy Sackton: what's everybody else doing.
Rev. David (he/him): can reach out telepathically to one of these little scrolling animals in chat.
Timothy Sackton: I think it has do you have to be able to see I don't maybe you don't.
Rev. David (he/him): it's good question I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's line of sight.
isn't that.
Timothy Sackton: You have to it has to be it's sort of like methods, you have to know what you're pointing at.
Or it has to be line of sight.
Rev. David (he/him): Normal range of racial to live yet right yeah all right.
Timothy Sackton: So if you know somebody like if you know somebody identity, you can reach out to them, even if you don't know exactly where they are, but if you can't just like scan around for a presence in the radius.
Rev. David (he/him): Like once I can see these guys in the room, I could.
Rev. David (he/him): But they'll be killing us by that so.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo seeker, while we, what are you all doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Proceeding cautiously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Staff out.
Mike Sackton: So we have to go to the weird spot and fans.
Timothy Sackton: That would be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is that this door at the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: That would be that door at the bottom yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to let the vile starch.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how close we have to get to it for the vials to charge.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you said you have to be.
Timothy Sackton: You have to put the vials on there's like a place that's like the weak spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right he's he said it would be totally obvious what the.
Timothy Sackton: movie totally obvious when you see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's the spot at the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: I know that's not in this room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: You go through the doors.
Timothy Sackton: And that knows a quarter there's a left turn to go to the living corner right turn to go to the dining room and then you keep going down the next quarter or and you get to another room that has the port.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is just the end and the living quarter and dining room or the original Elvis.
Timothy Sackton: No, yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: What did I say.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so this.
Timothy Sackton: This pillar.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see which pillar is to us, so you guys can move, you should be able to move your drift clubs to.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to keep them near you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down with is that with is starting to read the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: you're reading this pillar in front of you.
Mike Sackton: yeah this one to start.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, so this is um so that these see each pillar here seems to be a.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of a parable or a story about some plane.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at least that's what you glean from here, because this is talking about the the plane of our boria.
Timothy Sackton: And it's sort of it's it's a particular parable about this place, which seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The plane of natural energy uncontrolled the sort of wild untamed lands.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems like you're coming in halfway through a story right, so this is i'm telling you about.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: picks up in the middle about.
Timothy Sackton: sort of the nature of this plane and the way that places are connected the.
Timothy Sackton: So this so on this plane, the.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is fixed in form beasts change from one to another at a whim trees grow to 1000 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: And you know drop seeds, that are the size of people.
Timothy Sackton: Everything that you could imagine life itself is sort of overwhelming and uncontrolled here it's.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: The any you know any anything anything wild is it's found here it's not the place of agriculture or cultivation or you know the past Dora landscapes of.
Timothy Sackton: farms and villages, this is the primal jungles.
Timothy Sackton: And it sort of ends up as far as you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this distinct from the field, or this potentially the same as.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have to read more pillars.
yep.
Mike Sackton: let's read the next one.
Timothy Sackton: That one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this one is so this this continues, the story, and this.
Timothy Sackton: This is now describing kind of the.
Timothy Sackton: The link between.
Timothy Sackton: This place and that place right there is a there is a fineness here there is.
Timothy Sackton: A way through for the owls.
Timothy Sackton: But it's talking about, but then it's also describing how this.
Timothy Sackton: This places is chaotic and.
Timothy Sackton: changeable and it's not.
Timothy Sackton: In contrast to.
Timothy Sackton: In contrast to the you know the the realm of of.
Timothy Sackton: All the North America, where the land is fixed here the.
Timothy Sackton: The wild shift every time you travel there.
Timothy Sackton: And then it ends it's about to describe how it's connected to other planes.
Yet so.
Mike Sackton: we'll keep going i'm prepared for this yellow fungus to attack, but i'm going to go, nonetheless, and try and read it.
Mike Sackton: i'm all approach cautiously and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: So this one there's this mold that's growing, like all up the pillar, so you can't see any of the script you have to scrape it off.
Timothy Sackton: or burn it, or whatever you can't read.
Timothy Sackton: You can't read anything, because the mold is covering it.
Mike Sackton: Up burn it.
Mike Sackton: let's see here green flame blade.
Mike Sackton: That work.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna like strike it with your lit up sword.
Mike Sackton: yeah basically, why not.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is wet here and it i'm smolders a bed not immediately catching fire and then there's a poof and a cloud of spores is a jack did.
Timothy Sackton: And I need down with and secret to make Constitution saving throw us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course I walked up behind because I was curious about what he was doing.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Constitution saving through.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Is it disease.
Timothy Sackton: No it's it's poison.
Timothy Sackton: But neither of you are affected by this.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: cough a little bit and feel this like stinging vapor but managed to shake off any effects.
Timothy Sackton: is starting a smoldering now.
Timothy Sackton: Not not a pleasant smell everything here is so wet it's hard to get a fire going right strange because it's like a desert up above.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right where's the moisture coming from Dallas to do just try, maybe just try a knife just try it just scrape it a little bit.
Mike Sackton: That was kind of looked at speaker gestures of course you're welcome to do so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Who has the highest Constitution save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well seeker and with our exploring here our well being kenza you're just hanging out, are you doing anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sensing the aura of the living things this year i'm trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's five Alpha and any do I noticed anything like strange or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: perception check.
Timothy Sackton: So you notice.
Timothy Sackton: You don't you still are hearing the sounds of these things have like something sort of you know scattering around and you don't notice any.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything but you do get this sort of vague sense of.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if almost like an unnatural sense like that the aura of whatever is here is not quite right.
Timothy Sackton: But he can't really figure out exactly.
Timothy Sackton: How, or what the issue is.
Mike Sackton: i'm actually going to summon him a chance, give it a knife and have it stand 30 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: and have it go straight but.
Mike Sackton: them hold off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, no that that makes more sense than what I was going to do.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret I assume you move.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit.
Mike Sackton: Before I do this i'm going to have people move.
Mike Sackton: lamb and imagine imagine the poison cloud that's going to pop up please don't go within 15 feet of the pillar.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you scrape the mold off now and a few more of these these clouds of spores are rejected, but after you know, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Five minutes or so.
Timothy Sackton: You managed to get it all all clear.
Mike Sackton: So what does it say.
Timothy Sackton: So the.
Timothy Sackton: This pillar is now i'm discussing.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of nature of this plane are boria and it is.
Timothy Sackton: So, so it is described in the sort of elven sense as a as one of the changeable lands, one of the outer realms of.
Timothy Sackton: um of the premium primordial essences of humanity, that is.
Timothy Sackton: untethered and changeable.
Timothy Sackton: One of the spiritual realms but unconnected to divinity.
Timothy Sackton: or at least only loosely connected to divinity.
Timothy Sackton: And it it sort of places this plane in a hierarchy between the.
Timothy Sackton: Beneath in this hierarchy sort of beneath less important less something, then the the realms of the firstborn.
Timothy Sackton: America and all the north that are.
Timothy Sackton: fixed and.
Timothy Sackton: And and.
Timothy Sackton: Not not this sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: there's almost a sense that this places at you know is full of impermanence, whereas the firstborn realms are timeless and it's building up this contrast in this pillar.
Timothy Sackton: you're entering the.
Timothy Sackton: Land of impermanence the place where the changeable realms of the human.
Timothy Sackton: Of the primordial essence of humanity leaks through on to the material world etc, etc.
Timothy Sackton: But clearly not the a while, which is a whole separate thing entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Humanity in particular Miller is not connected to the elves.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this isn't this isn't a Alvin.
Timothy Sackton: And Alvin plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the inscriptions or an Elvis is the construction.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this is definitely an outfit place.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's an attitude right.
Mike Sackton: That the descriptions are currently from the perspective of the else.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, right.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this pillar you're reading.
Timothy Sackton: This yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So this is.
Timothy Sackton: um and it's also describe it it's a similar description.
Timothy Sackton: The realm of pandemonium is also a changeable.
Timothy Sackton: human world of chaos and madness.
Timothy Sackton: But, but here, there seems to be some doubt.
Timothy Sackton: In its placement and some uncertainty as to whether it is in fact truly this or whether it is somehow connected to.
Timothy Sackton: The embodied Avatar of.
Timothy Sackton: Genetic the mad one.
Mike Sackton: Anybody know that that is.
Timothy Sackton: can make a religion check if anybody's proficient in religion, if any of you are proficient in religion.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Half proficient.
Timothy Sackton: You got it, you can do it secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Efficient and religion.
goes on.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer to not spend enough time in the libraries, of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: monastery definitely did not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: North.
Timothy Sackton: sky but seeker you seem to you do remember coming across this name once.
Timothy Sackton: But it wasn't in the context of divinity it was in the context of a book of curses.
Timothy Sackton: And it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was a theory that the curse of light come through P originated from generic the mad one who is described as some sort of embody god of some kind, but this book wasn't really about God, so it didn't elaborate.
Mike Sackton: I think we should avoid going to this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's werewolves, in other words, oh man.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: So what's this Gray stuff.
Timothy Sackton: that's water there's our whetstone okay.
Rev. David (he/him): And look under the room.
Timothy Sackton: what's at that end of the room.
Timothy Sackton: Okay hold on a SEC, so, while the is going to your want to search through the rubble yes look around.
Timothy Sackton: yeah make a make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with and seeker you're continuing to this this pillar here.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm holding though don't do well, these things.
Timothy Sackton: And kenzo are you doing anything it's probably been about 10 minutes now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just just cautious.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what sorry where did you will well be 12 I mean, so the ones that the this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is an ancient Cavan what you can sort of senses, this was probably at one point, the entrance to some cave complex or some something that was hollowed out by the elves.
Timothy Sackton: But probably not deep underground probably close to the surface, but at some point it collapsed and there's just these like rocks and stones sort of piled up i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of blocking you're blocking the entrance here, which is now presumably um you know deep underground anyway.
Rev. David (he/him): Without have been the main entrance.
Timothy Sackton: To this yeah that was probably the main entrance at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down with as you approach this pillar here um.
Mike Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're kind of reading these back.
Timothy Sackton: Water rears up in.
Mike Sackton: yaks.
Mike Sackton: I was about to say i'm going to assume that the water is violent.
Timothy Sackton: With your AC.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Timothy Sackton: let's play it, Mrs.
Mike Sackton: All right, I need a little bit more tense music.
here.
Timothy Sackton: So what does everybody want to do you just you off the now this water this like wet patch sort of slurps up into this sort of Gray, who is the substance and this fifth of SLIME swings out a doubt with he manages to block at.
Eric Rosenbaum: level and.
Mike Sackton: tack it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so go ahead now with.
Mike Sackton: My character sheet, where do my attacks go.
Mike Sackton: hold on.
Mike Sackton: There we go somehow my weapons got unequipped.
Mike Sackton: Long so to hit.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: You slice out it.
Timothy Sackton: Was that.
Mike Sackton: packet again.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Timothy Sackton: So with your two strikes.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking pretty wounded at this point.
Timothy Sackton: anybody else.
Mike Sackton: that's already blood thing new.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll take it.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'll do Center staff staff or your fists.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're a little too oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One computer.
Timothy Sackton: that's um you strike at and as your staff crocs into it, that it kills that, but the booze kind of wraps around and starts to corrode the would have your staff.
Timothy Sackton: know which now has a minus one penalty to damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it's.
Timothy Sackton: permanently permanently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can get another staff but.
Timothy Sackton: Right yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know Gordon architecture, we do sometimes have to deal with this problem of dampness and I could just manifest a huge quantity of disagreement so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we can prevent anything in the future.
Mike Sackton: there's two.
patches.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could also just leave them alone problem.
Mike Sackton: Well then, we can't read what's on the pillars.
Eric Rosenbaum: So oh can't get close to the camera let's.
Mike Sackton: discuss curiosity versus.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could make a fairly stupid use of clairvoyance also probably to see something.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's been reading right.
Timothy Sackton: Where the third level slap.
Mike Sackton: worth a third level spot I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: versus performance of creation to do this seconds.
Mike Sackton: I mean we can also just so.
Mike Sackton: what's this pillar is it more about pandemonium.
Timothy Sackton: Being on that one is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that was that one's more about pandemonium that this is now talking talking about.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, no i'm forgetting what order the all this pieces I supposed to go and um yeah this is this is talking more about pandemonium the.
Timothy Sackton: The realm of of chaos and where you know the howling wins of madness blow and.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, this is this is warning of the.
Timothy Sackton: So that the pillar over here was talking about the how this place here is like the weak spot to.
Timothy Sackton: Our borja this is this is warning of.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: pair weakness in the material plane to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Where the energy of pandemonium links with leaks through.
Timothy Sackton: Social word is a warning to avoid that.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's another weak spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did lock in.
Eric Rosenbaum: missed I just not know how to speak Elvis like nobody has been able to translate these things that possible.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's possible you often never asked.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we should probably tell them what's on these things, because the I have a feeling a lot of logins are about to.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're going to fly out.
Rev. David (he/him): Sir, is our ultimate measure, not just to charge stuff up, but also to clear this whole space out so that they can get through here I mean, should we just move through and systematically burn everything up destroy.
Timothy Sackton: bosses assumption, whether it's correct or not, you have no idea was that anything that was like animated would be.
Timothy Sackton: animated by the power of the plant of the.
Timothy Sackton: overflowing energy.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should keep going.
Mike Sackton: yeah come back.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: All this stuff is getting animated by the overflow.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's go to the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you turn round you guys go to the door it's not locked you can go through.
Rev. David (he/him): will be at least for the moment won't be the one to open the door and walk through first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh, why not.
Rev. David (he/him): You know I had a little bit of a bad experience last time I tried doing that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which.
Rev. David (he/him): If there's if there was a third mirror behind this door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, you know what.
Mike Sackton: Why not i'm going to do this because it's fun.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will sort of hold up his hands.
Mike Sackton: And you see his eyes, like kind of turn White for a moment.
Mike Sackton: TIM what's, on the other side of the door.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you see a quarter that extends about 15 feet and then opens up into a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a sort of guardroom slash sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Just like meeting place in the in the hall beyond it there's another set of double doors that are closed and there are extending out from.
Timothy Sackton: The right side of this room there's like these big sort of masses of.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't exist it's like sort of like almost like reddish like almost like a sea cucumber been on land like this sort of reddish sort of moldy fungus but it looks almost.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's hard, I mean it's until you touch it, but you guess like if he squeezed it would be sort of bouncy like it's not just SLIME.
Mike Sackton: And, whereas that that's at the end.
Timothy Sackton: of it so so the end of the quarter as a double door to the to the to the quarter goes 15 feet, it opens into a guard room or a or a room.
Timothy Sackton: A chair that's maybe 20 feet by 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: wider than it is long on the.
Timothy Sackton: right hand side of this room that these things are like oozing out.
Timothy Sackton: A flow are coming out from the wall on the left hand side of this room, there is a another door a single door and then on the far side of the room there is a double or.
Mike Sackton: what's to the double door.
Mike Sackton: Your dark versions only 6030 feet yeah isn't there 10 more feet.
Timothy Sackton: or die yeah sorry 10 more feet of quarter, on the other side of the door.
Mike Sackton: Well describe that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well then.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder how fast those red things can move maybe we can slip by them.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's try.
Rev. David (he/him): This is good time to breaking it Matthew into bed.
Rev. David (he/him): don't take like a 10 minute break or calendar yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's gotten.
Rev. David (he/him): So 1050.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them um it's kind of unimaginable that the La kings would not have read these inscriptions right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm sure that.
Timothy Sackton: That cassie as a translation of them all.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely somebody in the past 400 years you can speak out of ash.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I just do a quick map MIC so that's what you say.
Mike Sackton: So we should probably try and avoid where directions go down the.
Timothy Sackton: keep going yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just try and go around this way and avoid the red stuff if we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He is currently black right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah because yes for you, because you're like outside only dealt with can see into the.
Timothy Sackton: Actual.
Timothy Sackton: yeah only Dallas can see into that.
Timothy Sackton: Through the doors.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: who's opening the door.
Mike Sackton: Lol.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Try and stand at the shadows over on this side.
Timothy Sackton: So the doors are open.
Timothy Sackton: So you're all here Jeff clubs are.
Timothy Sackton: floating next you.
Timothy Sackton: So, moving through here.
Timothy Sackton: To Where are you heading.
Mike Sackton: out what's through that door it's last for a minute.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now, can you see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mike are you eating rice cakes.
crackers.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At a really weird moment where I smelled rice cakes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I was like Am I smelling your food.
Timothy Sackton: Are you are you sure you can't see anything comes oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I cannot, can you see me.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see I see it, I see it now yeah I see okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just falling apart for now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah so through this door.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: corridor that goes one.
Timothy Sackton: That goes about 50 feet and opens into what you can just see the edges of a of a larger chamber.
Timothy Sackton: And I also need everybody to make wisdom saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: high.
Rev. David (he/him): Relevant.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see i'm still waiting, oh wait.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you enter this room.
Timothy Sackton: you're all.
Timothy Sackton: So so from Dallas description, it seemed like the.
Timothy Sackton: like this, this red.
Timothy Sackton: fungus was bad.
Timothy Sackton: um but.
Timothy Sackton: uh.
Timothy Sackton: But now, when you enter this room, it seems.
Timothy Sackton: Like really interesting and.
Timothy Sackton: almost like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: know you could.
Timothy Sackton: You could help it somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinda like my master that I want to obey whatever it says.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't it's just it's just you know you're just sort of curious and non threatened by it and you sort of want to.
Timothy Sackton: Like explore it and see what it does, try and see if it needs anything that you can help it when.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, for all of us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah every single one of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's unite in our common goal of helping this red fungus.
Rev. David (he/him): To befriend down here.
Rev. David (he/him): Fred fungus is awesome.
Mike Sackton: Probably need some like food or water.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You approach and you kind of walk over to it and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: it's you almost like you think maybe you saw it move slightly.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see well be and.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry kenzo and and down with make an well be as close as well being dealt with make another wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: sort of rock over and you're sort of curious about like what what is this thing um.
Mike Sackton: Those are better saving.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and it's.
Timothy Sackton: You almost like catch a brief like glimpse of movement.
Timothy Sackton: And it's strange because you feel like it needs something from you, but you can't really tell.
Timothy Sackton: What it needs like there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's not speaking to you or saying anything it's just kind of like pulsing slightly.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and kenzo make wisdom saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's why I was senior with your icon we look like a.
Mike Sackton: there's a drift globe, on top of him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's why a go go go.
Timothy Sackton: So so again you're sort of clustered over here just kind of puzzled by by what this thing wants and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it seems friendly but I don't know, maybe it doesn't need anything it's just kind of here.
Timothy Sackton: you're not like compelled to to like.
Timothy Sackton: do anything in particular you just kind of think oh that's like a pretty.
Timothy Sackton: that's interesting spend a little bit of time studying it.
Timothy Sackton: let's say seeker and.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be make wisdom saving throws.
again.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're not obligated to stay here.
Timothy Sackton: kind of our lake.
Timothy Sackton: let's go this is nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: No i'm just starting to.
Eric Rosenbaum: figure it out.
Rev. David (he/him): feel like we're right on the edge of a breakthrough here.
Mike Sackton: I think we should see I caught a glimpse before my mostly I faded have some green glowing interesting thing down through this door, I think we should go check that out instead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As guys guys guys let's just remember why we're here yeah you're in these vials and we need to place it in the obvious place where it was.
Mike Sackton: George is a giant dream glowing thing that I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh so let's go there guys.
Timothy Sackton: let's take her.
Timothy Sackton: You take 13 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: And well be you take 17 points of like damage and you like art shucking out of this.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Timothy Sackton: trance and you realize that actually know this fungus is trying to eat your memories.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And in fact.
Timothy Sackton: It does eat one memory from each of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Timothy Sackton: You each whenever you make an ability check or an attacker i'll have to subtract a tea for, but you are no longer term flat.
Rev. David (he/him): permanently.
Timothy Sackton: permanently, but I would.
Timothy Sackton: For a moment.
Timothy Sackton: You can't well be you can't seem to remember the name of that half Lang that you were helping.
Timothy Sackton: There was like a family that you had talked to and something happened to them and then you saw them again you can't remember their names, or what happened to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's him and I do occur okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead seeker you.
Timothy Sackton: you're sure you had a brother.
Timothy Sackton: And you know, there was some story about what happened to him, you can't remember what it was there was some tragedy.
Mike Sackton: Can we keep going when we all die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Later, but um can I do a cleansing touch.
Timothy Sackton: That only heals a specific set of conditions of which eat memories is not one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In okay.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna burn this thing and fire, this is, this is not like.
Mike Sackton: Why, we could do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you better all initiative, then.
Rev. David (he/him): Like because will be so tied into hassling memories, in general, like the idea of something like taking memories from is very deep a front.
Mike Sackton: And I don't think what I survive against something we have to make wisdom saves every single term we're not very good at was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait wait we're not running we're not.
Mike Sackton: Really we're not running i'll be as burning it with fire Dallas decided support him.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, can you describe the creature again and a little more detail.
Timothy Sackton: So it looks like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The red squishy thing.
Timothy Sackton: it's the red squishy things yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why they're like three jackal where's it for.
Mike Sackton: That way, all.
Timothy Sackton: This is the old turn order, it seems.
Timothy Sackton: That let's try this again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the orcs and jugglers appear that'd be very.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm just gonna keep track of this via paper.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you get down with his 10.
Timothy Sackton: seeker is 13.
Timothy Sackton: wow be as eight.
Timothy Sackton: and Canada, where did you get.
Timothy Sackton: 1718 so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, let's see kenzo and not with you are still convinced that this is like a nice, this is your friend.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the goes to attack.
Timothy Sackton: But kenza your first, but you know, while he hasn't done anything yet so in fact let's just bobby's at the bottom of the initiative order so let's just start at the bottom of the initiative order while we basically get some free turn.
Timothy Sackton: They already acted so they acted.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and down with are going to run away now well we've turned you are going to attack at.
Rev. David (he/him): I have three torches and i'm going to start like none i'll see a marvelous thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So make I make.
Timothy Sackton: A dexterity jack.
Mike Sackton: know that it's flammable.
Timothy Sackton: So you grab a torch.
Timothy Sackton: And yeah let's see I would make role like Wendy four plus just roll one before.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it begins to it begins to um.
Timothy Sackton: To smolder a little bit starts to catch fire and it sucks like you hear this like hissing sound in it, this like tendril here that you're right next to this red tendril begins to pull back um.
Let me delete this here.
That you can see, the actual.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to pull back a little bit like retreating slightly, it seems to be upset definitely upset by this fire, although it doesn't take a huge amount of damage, but it is not happy by that.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you see well be attacking your friend i'm not exactly your friend, but like this nice feature that's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kendall Kendall is just like well, what are you doing let's just move on this thing is harmless.
Rev. David (he/him): Think try to eat my memories man.
Rev. David (he/him): Nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: Now it would have never done that kenza you know it kind of tried to hurt your friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah look, while we, I mean whatever you think might happen let's just leave it be unless go and do what we gotta do with the vowels and get out here.
Rev. David (he/him): I think that was a great call and I will be right behind you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so starts headed down the hallway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that with with them.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't gone yet down there, but that was hasn't gone yet ah.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see your brother in your club.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: So that's kenzo well be okay, if this turn.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to.
Timothy Sackton: reach out like this little red arm is going to reach out for well be.
Timothy Sackton: swinging at you guys have.
Timothy Sackton: what's your AC 1512 Mrs so the fire has distracted and tries to swing past you like slamming it well be.
Timothy Sackton: But it.
Timothy Sackton: It dodges but you you because I was distracted you managed to dodge out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeker Europe as it as it as you see it kind of.
Timothy Sackton: slamming well but you're confused for a minute like, why is this, oh no you took damage so you're not.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Here, like it's attacking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's nothing metal on or near it and not much use in shrinking it in size.
Eric Rosenbaum: thing about.
Eric Rosenbaum: performance of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: It has to be in an unoccupied space within 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could make just like a bonfire to burn it with but it's enough to.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just going to like step around it i'm gonna like creep around the edges of the room to try to get you know i'm saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just staying out of range.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to just move you're going to do anything with your turn the fats move.
Mike Sackton: and always attack it with a camera or a weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah look I I will attempt to persuade this pathetic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read.
Eric Rosenbaum: fungal life form that it has better things to do, such as fixing nitrogen than bothering my friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: vicious mockery.
Timothy Sackton: What is that wisdom safe.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it, it fails it save.
Timothy Sackton: It takes five psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: marvel.
Eric Rosenbaum: central nervous system.
Mike Sackton: Lacking now as your content.
lightning bolt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With fire fireball.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody.
Mike Sackton: Nobody just lightning bolts of people.
Mike Sackton: Now, am so I still think this thing's a friendly preacher.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're not sure why everybody's gotten into a fight with this like perfectly fine thing.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: So well well be oh you're too wealthy, what do you, what do you doing.
Rev. David (he/him): category.
Mike Sackton: tech these creatures.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah when it goes to what Kansas up to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm i'm pretty basic here let's go put these fucking miles on the thing if if welby has some strange vendetta against totally harmless fungus that's his deal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about we just go get this job done.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean seriously do it it's a big piece of fungus.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go.
Mike Sackton: i'll fall kenzo down the quarter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you going to the doors.
Mike Sackton: Right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Well, this is where you told me to go where the.
Mike Sackton: doors.
Rev. David (he/him): If it kills me i'll give you a shout or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we got the stones to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you do see down the quarter ahead of you, you see that the there's like it almost looks like the Court well, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Just barely see from the corner of your eye, that the that the quarter splits into as like a fork and like around this fork there's a like the walls are covered in this sort of blowing.
Timothy Sackton: In this glowing fun guess.
Timothy Sackton: I shouldn't make this glow.
Timothy Sackton: So, like the the quarter itself is kind of lit up by this.
Timothy Sackton: This fire luminous that fungus here around this um.
Timothy Sackton: This point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say I don't push it really what up too much here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we do you want to wait for them to finish whatever they're doing with fungus.
Timothy Sackton: While the Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah good I the fungus up and down plant my feet take steady aim and chop this thing good with the questions right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): Sorry.
Rev. David (he/him): Which is not equipped so trouble the first.
Right he's trying to get.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah that's.
Rev. David (he/him): assume 20 hits so that is now excitingly going to be the.
Rev. David (he/him): Five the six plus three.
Rev. David (he/him): No oh know which is a 15 all together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean it looks ah.
Timothy Sackton: You take a good swing at it.
Timothy Sackton: chopping into it and it, you know it, you do cut a little piece of it off, but it just kind of starts to lose back together a little bit doesn't look, you know horribly damaged at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely taken some hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's like slightly embarrassed awesome.
Timothy Sackton: yeah slightly embarrassed ah OK kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we're.
Timothy Sackton: still fighting this thing for some reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, do you not want to keep moving down the quarter, should we wait for them to finish their investigation.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, you look guys i'm i'm gonna be right there i'm giving up on this thing i'll be there in just a SEC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll wait for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As well just wait.
Mike Sackton: yeah same.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're down the hallway little ways right like we kind of walk down the hallways away.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah okay well i'll be making another wisdom savings whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa boy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, and again attempts to swing a seed pod towards you and, as it does you feel this sort of wave come over you i'm like it's trying to reach for your mind and you just kind of shake it off.
Timothy Sackton: That will end its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Think are there up.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will propose.
Eric Rosenbaum: magically that we take care of this later in a very persuasive way via suggest to will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's continue down the quarter right now we can always take care of this thing later.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suggest.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy well i'll be maker wisdom savings.
Timothy Sackton: No, it doesn't work.
Timothy Sackton: Well, for us to.
Timothy Sackton: focus on his bed data.
Timothy Sackton: This and.
Rev. David (he/him): eager this everyone.
Rev. David (he/him): is why speaker does not get the staff of the.
man.
Rev. David (he/him): This is exactly the reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to use it on the fungus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God that's a great idea you.
Rev. David (he/him): Know i'll disengage as a bonus action and drop my torch and another book in front of it and sort of an effort to contain it a little bit at down the hall.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, to move your drift globes folks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're all heading down the hall.
Rev. David (he/him): I can't control the drift.
Timothy Sackton: That green one is yours, I think.
Timothy Sackton: sphere and good what I wait hold on why is.
Eric Rosenbaum: This good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't move either club.
Timothy Sackton: I know I know hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't matter it's fine TIM, you can move was.
Rev. David (he/him): To bring with us.
Timothy Sackton: And the green one is yours.
Timothy Sackton: The other one is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you head down the hall.
Rev. David (he/him): So I just want to pause for silly.
Rev. David (he/him): kids are doing.
Rev. David (he/him): For once a.
Rev. David (he/him): giant red mold in a dungeon be your friend.
Rev. David (he/him): Just.
Timothy Sackton: Just as well be is.
Timothy Sackton: That a giant SLIME mold drops off the wall on pad.
geez.
Rev. David (he/him): don't.
Rev. David (he/him): fret.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm aware.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let me well, its attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is what this is a This is like a bio security, a person's nightmare, a bit like a visiting like a bio hacker space right now.
hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The sentience SLIME mold drops from the ceiling as the FBI agents right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I needed.
Eric Rosenbaum: A intense topical antifungal.
Timothy Sackton: Wanting to to hit.
Mike Sackton: I don't hit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you take nine points of bludgeoning damage and 17 points of.
Timothy Sackton: acid damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh hey.
Mike Sackton: hold on hold on.
Mike Sackton: It takes 20 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of damage.
hold.
Timothy Sackton: does not seem to affected at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: Call doesn't affect slide modes.
Timothy Sackton: apparently not.
Mike Sackton: that's no fun, this is the first time this thing has been useful.
Timothy Sackton: or using a reaction.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's saved you from taking 20 points of damage that's not useless yeah.
Mike Sackton: wow it's kind of it's not that much you know my things ever work out.
Mike Sackton: It also takes i'm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, I can't find my reaction is Judy 10 psychic but i'm not sure what the safest.
Mike Sackton: There we go, I found that.
Mike Sackton: deck safe.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 15 wow.
Timothy Sackton: It is a SLIME mold it does not move quickly or easily it fails.
Mike Sackton: It takes seven Dexter.
Mike Sackton: 711.
Timothy Sackton: psychic damage okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that that adds its turn.
Timothy Sackton: This one will also kind of.
Timothy Sackton: creepy creep well I can't really get past it's going to just hang here for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: That means that's Kansas turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 so we'll get up close to it and then try to engage it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um by soul cited.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do that.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then i'll back.
OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, of course, the new quarter staff.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was powered.
Timothy Sackton: wham you slap us smash it with its with your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will last on it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you hit it there's a splash of acid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other nice back.
Though doesn't take.
Timothy Sackton: Three points of acid damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: and your staff corrupt some more.
Timothy Sackton: that's now minus two to damage.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Even attempt to stand at.
Rev. David (he/him): But after everything you've been through a minor dungey costs it.
Timothy Sackton: costs us and sandstone has now stand until the end of your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go and then I will I guess i'll hit it again, so I can't hit the other one.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will strike it with my less useful stuff why don't have an advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Because that's done and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The sun sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that the 13 still hats.
Timothy Sackton: You can roll in for a crack at.
Timothy Sackton: That one, but it only does six points of damage as your staff and even though it's done the assets dull splashes up doing another one point of academics and your staff is now at a minus three to damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I just online strike it if I strike it, am I gonna like her myself.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it all still do acid damage every time you hit.
Timothy Sackton: That ends.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn because you already used your bonus action to Seoul say that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, good so setting reveal anything.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, ah, if you spend a key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll spend a key I want to know why, and I noticed.
Mike Sackton: We find out what it's what.
Mike Sackton: kinds of damage it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: What what I want to know what types of damages vulnerable to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah so.
Mike Sackton: In particular, I need to know if it takes the chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: So you can spend one key to learn the resistance is immunity isn't vulnerabilities of the target.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Spending a cat guy is.
Timothy Sackton: Yun to acid called lightning and slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it is also immune to the blinded charmed definite exhaust did frightened and prone conditions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright fireball it is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, and Kansas turns a seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So oh man so it's heat or fire or options.
Timothy Sackton: into acid called lightning and slashing.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I still I still have a.
Eric Rosenbaum: middle custom metal net.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can toss onto it and then cast heat metal but I can't do both of those things, probably in the same round, can I.
Eric Rosenbaum: know and is there there's nothing middle near it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is it actually on top of Dell was still.
Timothy Sackton: No it's not it sort of dropped on to him and collaborative on its way down but it's on the floor in front of him now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright there's a device.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
Eric Rosenbaum: To irvin operational systems design, called the drying pistol, which is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Discipline system attached to a vacuum it's a kind of like elaborate piece of glass where basically if it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can very rapidly remove all the moisture from a small region, I could performance of creation one of those.
Timothy Sackton: No, not performance of creation that's again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not it's a non magical item.
Timothy Sackton: A delicate what what what are you attempting to accomplish here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh just attack it by drawing out its body.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess there's it's not like an attack, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I should.
Timothy Sackton: Do something.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your next after seeker.
Mike Sackton: i'll just lash sorry go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll step over here and toss the toss the middle net on to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a dexterity check with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's the disadvantage for.
Timothy Sackton: Because nets are always a disadvantage all attacks that are made a disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: wow but but advantage because it's done so that cancels out just a straight role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Which doesn't have that the net, just like slides off of that clattering uselessly on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: tear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um well at least you didn't actually throw the net on me and dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems likely actually but.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK down with your up.
Mike Sackton: slashing means this my sword is not going to be used to it.
Timothy Sackton: To slashing damage yeah.
Mike Sackton: And that, despite the fact that it's a magic weapon it doesn't.
matter.
Timothy Sackton: Not as far as I mean you can try.
Mike Sackton: But I mean by the rules of D amp D it's like it applies.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, i'm used to slashing damage doesn't right ah, it would be immune to non magical slashing done.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will.
Mike Sackton: I will cast.
Mike Sackton: hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I will eldridge blasted.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so would normally be disadvantage because you're within five feet straight role because you're because it's done and.
Mike Sackton: How it's done i'm just gonna step back.
Timothy Sackton: Now right yeah okay.
Mike Sackton: So I have advanced.
Timothy Sackton: advantage yep.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: that's was that was my second.
Timothy Sackton: that's advantage right so.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so one hit.
Timothy Sackton: one hat.
Mike Sackton: Plus hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be your next.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Mike Sackton: I sat down with image.
Timothy Sackton: That was back in.
Mike Sackton: December 19 hit.
Timothy Sackton: me up that hits starts blasting away with these these beams of force.
Mike Sackton: So seven 714 total.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn well be.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it big enough that I can choose from here with a hitting the people in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: I was saying it's gonna have.
Timothy Sackton: A half cover so a bonus it'll have a bonus to say see.
Timothy Sackton: um but yes, you can shoot through them.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, can I.
Rev. David (he/him): Press it's too late to read con asking, though with to step back, another couple of feet out of the way.
Mike Sackton: chair I go right there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could do that.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, in that case.
Rev. David (he/him): I have advantage right now.
Timothy Sackton: You have advantage already yep.
Rev. David (he/him): So all.
Rev. David (he/him): I could you know add one charge of the flaming full strength.
Timothy Sackton: I got.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you need the damage separated.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, fire verse piercing now.
Rev. David (he/him): So the 66 plus three is 27.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So that was.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be takes aim and.
Timothy Sackton: Does a pretty solid hit there.
Timothy Sackton: and is now going to be stunned, so I do nothing, because otherwise, has now been climbed up to the ceiling and it's going to inch along stealing and drop down on.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
Rev. David (he/him): tend to do the period of tasteful damage from that chuck.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm which is gonna be a 17 to head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: A second.
Eric Rosenbaum: You I took damage before I thought I press the button on that, but I don't see it now.
Timothy Sackton: You talk 1313 points of.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is that was earlier.
Timothy Sackton: Damage earlier.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened to it but yeah Okay, I was at it again.
Timothy Sackton: Now, this does another nine points of lightning damage and 17 points of acid damage and it.
Timothy Sackton: begins to dissolve your Armor so she now has a minus one, a city.
Timothy Sackton: So your AC is reduced by one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now it's 12 so as 26 damage total oof i'm i'm pretty hurt.
Mike Sackton: yeah we're not gonna make it out of this place.
Rev. David (he/him): As impressed by the Holy holy.
Timothy Sackton: I will, and it turns the second one is still stunned kenza your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so dropped off the ceiling like if there's someone is so so i'm gonna i'm gonna hit this other dude in front of me and try to sign in as well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's not is it just.
Timothy Sackton: don't want to be on stand at the end of your.
Timothy Sackton: term the one that's.
Timothy Sackton: Try and stay on both of them if you're really lucky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I i'll try to stun the new guy first and then try to kill the other one the other ones got an old a minute and it's totally okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna attack a new one.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, see I can start it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, was my computer so smooth all right here we go.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and and.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Try and start it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it on stunning it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's a, for it is now also stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, lungs, but it only takes two points of damage, because your staff is now like.
Timothy Sackton: liquid basically falling to pieces and it's your staff now has a minus four to damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it's.
Timothy Sackton: Almost gone your staff and you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take another four points of acid damage as the acid splashes up and hits you.
Timothy Sackton: When it is done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will go back and attack the other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, is it better for me to just use my bare hands now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will do that I will I will drop my staff and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A packet with my bare hands.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need to unarmed strikes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, if you, yes, you can do one yeah you can do one as a bonus action or two if you do if you spend a flirty blethyn one normal one, so you could do up to three unarmed strikes, if you wanted to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obviously, see right now.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: You want to transfer that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's done it.
Timothy Sackton: Keep it stunned.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 50 and it's think that succeeded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But he did seven points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm striking again.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): I just noticed the blood spurt for the first time.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're pretty exciting.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
Timothy Sackton: looking like it's it's pretty close to dad.
Timothy Sackton: bye but you take another eight points of acid damage from those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hats lucky Hello i'm gonna try to send it again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or somebody else gonna deal with kill it.
Mike Sackton: For now.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it's gonna be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm still like a 29 plus.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn so speaker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am mad and we'll make an explosion happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast erupting earth at third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: causing a fountain of churned earth and stone to erupted in 20 for the cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: When he feet, is for man so i'd have to put it like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, for it to hit both.
Eric Rosenbaum: slimes but not us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah something like that um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see I should have.
Eric Rosenbaum: are like here, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So it's 20 foot so that's four by four.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Like that yep so you can Center it right there.
Timothy Sackton: right on the edge of the wall.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: How much damage is that do.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3D 12 on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The decks safe.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just check something I think stunned creatures automatically failed their deck save.
Who.
Rev. David (he/him): Are we not worried that you're testing is vocal erupting earth deep underground.
to lay over.
Timothy Sackton: automatically South South Dakota deck saving dress that's a pretty good combo done erupting earth, so they both think.
Timothy Sackton: Well, sorry this one gets a save 22 damage Nice.
Timothy Sackton: This one gets a deck safe, which is a three so that when fail so.
Timothy Sackton: The cavern ground explodes beneath.
Timothy Sackton: Beneath seeker or sorry beneath beneath the slimes and this this slide here is just tossed.
Timothy Sackton: In the.
Timothy Sackton: In the earth that erupts.
Timothy Sackton: Just tossed tibet's.
Timothy Sackton: It is now completely disintegrated this one takes 22 damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it's still stunned so that then secrets turned out with your up.
Timothy Sackton: it's done.
Mike Sackton: same as last time i'll take a few steps back, I will use a bonus action to move the hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I will cass.
Timothy Sackton: i'll dredge.
Mike Sackton: eldridge class.
Timothy Sackton: So with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Timothy Sackton: yeah those you hit with both of them so again two bolts of force flying out of Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: amen okay.
Mike Sackton: So a plus 17 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So, again that's the as you strike into it.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn so obvious turn.
Rev. David (he/him): Will.
Rev. David (he/him): shoot this game.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage yeah that hats are very easy to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): The team.
Timothy Sackton: And it is done so I cannot even try to flee on its turn.
Timothy Sackton: heads that you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so happy with this stunning stunning stunning guys now i'm just going to attack it on our blood.
Rev. David (he/him): that's super good for me, too, because it means automatic sneak attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: belly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The These are the things that we learned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, we're going on strike.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second arm strike.
Timothy Sackton: That hats remember you have advantage, so you can roll again to see if you get kratz.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure why that is roll roll a bunch of times what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep so i'm going to roll almost six times.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so 123456.
Timothy Sackton: No kratz.
Timothy Sackton: thoughts, so it just takes the seven the five and the.
Timothy Sackton: Nine sorry the 75 and the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way it wouldn't be the seven and nine and the eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, did the 12 Mrs okay I got it yeah yeah okay 75 and eight all right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can spend another key to try to set it again right where's the dead.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty wounded.
Timothy Sackton: I you probably don't need to spend the key it's.
Timothy Sackton: Also, the initiative order is, at the end of.
Timothy Sackton: everybody else was going to get to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Before right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll save the key i'll say the key and then everybody else good.
Timothy Sackton: old, are you probably going to need a short rest before you do anything else so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, when you do from those three hits you do take.
off.
Timothy Sackton: You do take six points of acid damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only three hit points left.
Eric Rosenbaum: cheese.
Timothy Sackton: does look pretty hurt and.
Timothy Sackton: not moving because it's done, oh no it's not stand anymore it's now like looks like it's turning to flee, but of course it hasn't gotten to move yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will make an earth in hand rise up from beneath it and squish it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, is that a strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Seven so that's.
Timothy Sackton: That does.
Timothy Sackton: Wait i'm confused by this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it up to bludgeoning damages and a total damage.
Timothy Sackton: Because you accidentally.
Timothy Sackton: Did it third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: um well I did, but I mean I didn't tell him, you.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Timothy Sackton: How much extra damage as a deeper level.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Mike Sackton: You probably don't need to cast it third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah no you're right, I was switched can I.
Eric Rosenbaum: guess a.
Timothy Sackton: Second, so that does 2d sex so that does 12 points of lunch.
Timothy Sackton: And it is grappled.
Timothy Sackton: Except that it is, oh no it's not immune to grappled.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like the does hand rises up and it's like holding on to it in this like mold is like dripping down the hand but it's like keeping it tight.
Timothy Sackton: grappled in a towel with your up.
Mike Sackton: same as before.
Mike Sackton: We saw oh I don't have.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: 11 hits.
Now.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 24 hits.
Mike Sackton: really terrible damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: You hit the finger of the earth and handbags.
Mike Sackton: wow total.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that forced me to space off off the earth and hand but i'm your sort of neurotic curse that you've put on it just sort of begins to shrivel up as it gets hit and black ends and dies.
Timothy Sackton: And it is gone.
Mike Sackton: That was unpleasant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Each.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we drop these files off wherever the Fuck they're supposed to drop them and get the hell out of here.
Rev. David (he/him): It seems like a good plan.
Rev. David (he/him): You want to stop and say hi to your.
Rev. David (he/him): friend the red SLIME in the last room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was gonna give it inspiration, I mean if I just run back and.
Mike Sackton: I think we should find a place to to take a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry I forgot, while being seeker you're supposed to be subtracting a D for from all of your.
Timothy Sackton: attacker.
Timothy Sackton: Who totally forgot about that.
Timothy Sackton: find a place stick a short rest.
Rev. David (he/him): let's just see where the quarter leads for us right because maybe we're right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to cast a couple of healing on myself, I think.
Like.
Rev. David (he/him): To.
Rev. David (he/him): Like the place for a short rest is above.
I agree.
Mike Sackton: If we have to keep the potions for 30 minutes and for more of those things come out of the walls, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast healing wear it on myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean Where are those healing spells you got see here.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've got a few there smallish, though.
Timothy Sackton: they're yeah they're pretty ineffective for healing.
Rev. David (he/him): What is the word you say.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, as your healing work.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a little picture of ended i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I cast it twice back since that's total of 13.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will.
Timothy Sackton: bow you met you manta katha twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I ended up casting it twice.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So heal myself back up to 26.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm still only add half hit points.
Timothy Sackton: We do, what are you doing.
Mike Sackton: Which way where we sit there was a direction we were supposed to walk.
Timothy Sackton: South this way.
Mike Sackton: Okay let's just go that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: or can we look that way without putting our bodies there.
Mike Sackton: I mean what's down there.
Timothy Sackton: So this this corner at this point, opens up into what seems like a large Chamber, and you can just see at the edge of.
Timothy Sackton: Your dark vision circle of.
Timothy Sackton: pillars.
Timothy Sackton: That seemed that seemed to be like forming forming a tight circle around something.
Mike Sackton: let's head for that quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds good hey can we can somebody actually before we do that can somebody maybe with like extra stealthy or in visibility, or like some way where we can just sneak over drop the vials and then leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we should build image hand them over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I.
Mike Sackton: have some visibility, I used up my spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use like a cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: visibility to I can use clear wants to see inside of the pillars.
Rev. David (he/him): I can just sneak over into look.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: Very stealthy.
Mike Sackton: I could see that globe for stick with you.
Rev. David (he/him): tie tie a rope to me, and if something it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I thought was.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I thought aware at your Catherine clairvoyants in the middle of the pillars, the pillars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Oh, I did pillows we can take a short rest there that's perfect.
i'm.
Not.
Eric Rosenbaum: cast.
clairvoyance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you see.
Timothy Sackton: This the inside of this circle of pillars is there is this sort of faint greenish glow that is pulsing around them, and you can you can almost see like a flickering.
Timothy Sackton: Reflection image something of some of just like a.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like there's a there's a pool does a small pool that you're looking down.
Timothy Sackton: Which is like a distorted reflection of some like wild undergrowth that's just gone rapid vines and and molds and mushrooms, and like the detritus at the bottom of the forest rotting away curled up in a giant circle around that.
Timothy Sackton: That pool is.
Timothy Sackton: Something it's it almost looks like a 20 foot long centipede but it's not a centipede it's it's soft it's made of some.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks slightly fuzzy.
Timothy Sackton: But it has.
Timothy Sackton: But it's in it's almost like it's like a slightly fuzzy tube that's inflated by water.
Eric Rosenbaum: legs.
Timothy Sackton: But with legs.
Timothy Sackton: And man, it has to it has to large antenna and then.
Timothy Sackton: Like like little claws on all of its the bottom of all of the legs.
Timothy Sackton: To us like a it's like a cross between a giant worm in a centipede that's curled up around this part of like tapping it's completely still actually i'm just kind of waiting it's antenna occasionally twitching like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: misty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I describe what I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go back up and rest and then come back out and kill it and put it out there.
Mike Sackton: Well we're not vulnerable during a short restaurant sleeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: Great I mean just short rest is just standing around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right sure rescue yourself back, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Let me and what's everybody spends his days to get he'll to get health back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna take a short rest, just like in the quarter here.
Rev. David (he/him): Whatever an orange slices.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you like kind of like huddle against the side of the wall put out the lights and nothing on notice you.
Timothy Sackton: Does anybody like keeping an eye out.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes.
Mike Sackton: we're not idiots.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait so.
Timothy Sackton: You have you get to have you may add let's see well then, somebody else make a perception check or a while be could roll with a damn you.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): 17.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything moving, but you hear like this sound chattering San seems to get louder and then quieter and then ladder again and actually you notice as you're kind of watching this that this quarter that goes off to the.
Timothy Sackton: down this way is.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like like the all the quarters you've been passing through are like very old like it's clearly been carp like smooth from the cave wall, but like in this very sort of Elvis style.
Timothy Sackton: This is just like somebody cut through the wall it's like much cruder a different architectural style that goes down this this quarter.
Eric Rosenbaum: to your left there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but you don't during the hour that everybody asked you don't hear some noises but you don't see anything coming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grady.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dice yep.
and
Timothy Sackton: Also, you get your key back.
Eric Rosenbaum: To hit dice thing for some reason actually did not work for me it's like there's something wrong with the end beyond right now.
Mike Sackton: You just ate you.
Timothy Sackton: You have to take a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah I did that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then and I checked off three hit dice boxes.
Mike Sackton: And it didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I click T shirt risks to confirm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And my head points are unchanged.
haha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many can you check off.
Timothy Sackton: As many as you want.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's weird I didn't roll them.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll roll.
Timothy Sackton: 3D eight plus six and add that to your.
Mike Sackton: i'm not actually taking hit points, by the way, i'm just experiment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also did not get advice.
Mike Sackton: Just do it man, I mean you just do it manually.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Did you select the take short rest button.
Timothy Sackton: yep and then you did you hit the confirm button.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yeah.
haha.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I agree.
Mike Sackton: It does seem to work yeah it doesn't seem to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mentioned before, that my like.
Eric Rosenbaum: weirdly my hip points got reset Oh, and then also like for a second I was missing the new spell that I had already added, and then it came back something's going on with DNA beyond.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah at the moment, anyway, you can just manually roll your your.
Timothy Sackton: head dice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's just fucking centipede.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the deal with my new spill.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a.
Eric Rosenbaum: As you know, most of my life lungs investigation into magic ruins has been into the transformation and manipulation of in organic materials, but there's something about you know the energy in the area around here that's given me some ideas about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Organic things in their transformations and maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet that that could apply here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I might be able to change this creature into some other creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which fetching it's it's a really big word, maybe I could change it into a very, very small worm.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Eric Rosenbaum: or a mouse or something of that might run away if I do that.
Mike Sackton: How scary do we think this thing is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's.
Mike Sackton: 20 feet long we said.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): The biggest thing is over today.
Mike Sackton: I like your optimism.
Eric Rosenbaum: or been killed by supposed to cover all the bases.
Rev. David (he/him): No, this doesn't come close to some other stuff.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely, the biggest thing we've been killed by okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We didn't kill demon from another dimension.
Mike Sackton: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we did kill a giant floating thing with the stick with Spikes and we tell them I got to that's mother.
Rev. David (he/him): yep she wasn't that big blue.
tooth.
Mike Sackton: sort of, although that only the demon Chad, whether it was fairly large.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those giant Trolls.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That will be woke up or started attacking.
Rev. David (he/him): The ones that very nearly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nearly as such a poorly defined term.
Timothy Sackton: Okay folks wait Where are you on that right, so what are you what are you what are you doing besides.
Timothy Sackton: doing anything before you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, head into this.
Mike Sackton: i'm just trying to decide exactly how many spells to cast.
Timothy Sackton: One or two you mean.
Exactly.
Mike Sackton: I have to spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I want to solve site it and figure out its weaknesses.
Mike Sackton: I the way i've maintained concentration on hex.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far away, see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me the things.
Mike Sackton: How far away, is it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you can't see it right now, you can just maybe barely see the edge of the pillars right okay.
Mike Sackton: that's too far from my dog vision.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You all roll initiative before you start.
Exploring.
Mike Sackton: i'm just debating whether I did something I might have cast a spell before we come he came in still trying to decide.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: seeker is 13.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: 12.
Timothy Sackton: And kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Is 19.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I cast myself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you approach your approach this this from you can you can also see that, like the this in this room it's actually like the floor is covered with leaf litter and um.
Timothy Sackton: And there's it's almost as if you are now in the sort of understory of some kind of engine for us.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear now this sort of skittering sound around you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I forgot i've got.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go there's like bits of sort of mushrooms and fun guys sort of grow glowing on all the sides i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing quite so big as, at least, that you can see, at the moment as big and put together as the thing you just thought before um.
Timothy Sackton: But you know it's it's it's sort of just like little bits and and drips of things um.
Timothy Sackton: And the Florence stuff i'm like the sort of stone just all the walls and the floors seem like they are, they are dirt somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I inspire everybody before we start So can I just do that for inspiration Oh, I can inspire myself.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't inspire yourself but yes, you can give out three inspirations before.
Mike Sackton: that's a one time use 28.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, remember thinking minus one or two.
Mike Sackton: Yes, you too.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, what's wrong with you guys again is your they've.
Timothy Sackton: Gone sorry Ah yes, no that's true yes.
Timothy Sackton: You both of you, yes, with your missing memories are feeling slightly uncertain with your attacks and ability checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's me as well yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're.
Timothy Sackton: Not saving throws just attack roles and ability checks.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So go with you approach the cave first.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to move.
Mike Sackton: To re.
Mike Sackton: or.
sex.
Mike Sackton: And can I.
Mike Sackton: can see into that right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What direction is that are the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: That def is like rotate I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't I was trying to make do with maps that I could find out the Internet so it's not quite to the right proportion imagine now we've spotted so what was previously down is now up.
Eric Rosenbaum: is now up okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, like that this is the quarter, that you are just proceeding down into.
Mike Sackton: I mean that pillars Dallas can see the pillars, can I see.
Timothy Sackton: Here the pillars.
Mike Sackton: The pillars.
Timothy Sackton: uh what's your passive perception.
Mike Sackton: 14.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Mike Sackton: No, is it in I look through the pillars and don't see a creature, or I can't see through the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you can't clearly see through there's enough.
Timothy Sackton: there's enough flickering shadows and light, you know flickering darkness and lights that you can't.
Mike Sackton: Why that matter, because I have directors.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's distracted through the through the pillars itself is obscuring the creature enough that it can hide from you.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have a sensor directly above the portal where you can see everything okay.
Mike Sackton: So, no, you cannot see it's hiding amongst the.
Mike Sackton: pill, it seems to be hiding amongst the pillars.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't know because you can't see it, but you expect something there and there's nothing you don't see anything there but there's a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: All right, things in your way.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to use my ghostly gates.
Timothy Sackton: Now okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: At burns my action, but what else.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I guess if you can see through solid objects yeah you can see it.
Mike Sackton: I will then hex it.
Mike Sackton: use my bonus action to apply hacks to it and I can't do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Was it was like.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it like I described it's like a yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just behind the pillars right now.
Mike Sackton: Hiding amongst the pillars that make it very hard to see.
Mike Sackton: But I my eyes della can seventh level he gave me the ability to once per per short rest.
Mike Sackton: be able to see through solid objects for one minute.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: yeah I thought it might be useful.
Mike Sackton: And still being able to see through the pillars apparently means it's not hiding it.
Timothy Sackton: You can see it yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends here turn kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can I see it.
Timothy Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know what they told us exactly where it is.
Timothy Sackton: You can use it, I mean you cannot, you can see the pillars it's dark.
Timothy Sackton: But no, you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot see where it is at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and move the drift Globe over.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh here the pillars, I see.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean i'm trying to Seoul site it that's my main objective right now to uncover it's wildly weaknesses, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't seem to do that, yet the least did right.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment no you it's it's obscured by the pillars and well what's your path of perception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's an awesome I don't know what that is.
Mike Sackton: called I forgot to roll from my blank.
Timothy Sackton: it's 13 you did not see it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna do anything with your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else, I can do that's the spring up.
Mike Sackton: Should ready and action to hit it if it, if anything, comes within stand next to dealt with ready and action to to attack with your full attack on anything that comes within reach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, I will already some unarmed blows.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can also always dodge which gives enemies disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Turn attacks against do i'll do that i'll do that i'll get ready to dodge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to clarify the situation, I can't see the creature, from where I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that true.
Timothy Sackton: That is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: And these two guys closer up also cannot see it.
Mike Sackton: Now, I can see, I can see it that was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because, if I can get in range to see it, I could try to cast polymorphous on it.
Mike Sackton: I can only see it, because I can see that the pillars.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's maybe no way that I can cast pie more fun.
Mike Sackton: yeah you could read a poem or.
Eric Rosenbaum: As soon as I can see it.
But.
Mike Sackton: I think if you ready a spell it gets a little complicated if condition doesn't occur.
Timothy Sackton: Because you would lose the spouse and you if you ready a spell it means you cast a spell on way to target it till you see the target if you never see the target this balance just gone.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can keep it going for multiple rounds you just can't it's like you're concentrating.
Timothy Sackton: Right right you couldn't do something else.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's my move again 25 so I can go 1234 I can go up behind it with here okay so as my line of sight obscured in such a way that supposing we had a mirror that we could move to a certain spot I could see it using that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, right now, you can see that these pillars, you know from down with yelling out that there's that is behind the pillars, but you can't see it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and I know the geometry of the location having looked at it before with clairvoyant yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you suspect that it is you know.
Timothy Sackton: down.
Timothy Sackton: below this.
Timothy Sackton: If you think it's behind these pillars, but.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be here next.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could just erupting earth the crap out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: can't think of anything else to do, I was gonna like performance of creation Amir into a place that would allow me to have line of sight to it, using the mirror, but I think the geometry of the situation does not afford that.
Eric Rosenbaum: or I can't I can't tell enough about what's going on, and the other idea I had actually Oh, this is probably what I should do, I will use my amber Web.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can throw it 30 feet, how far away, are we.
Mike Sackton: But we don't really want it to get trapped where it can't mean it has to come out or we're never gonna be able to kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it can get trapped between two pillars here right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I what I can't keep quick it close enough to toss the web, I don't think.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker.
Mike Sackton: Do something.
Timothy Sackton: Do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just sucks because i'm right at the edge of.
Mike Sackton: It and action to test the web, as soon as it.
Mike Sackton: comes through.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK ready, the action to toss the web.
Timothy Sackton: Okay wow but you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): 3450 Lucy can I see it, or any part of it through the pillars.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You saw you let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can it is, it is heavily obscured I mean it has behind three quarters cover.
Timothy Sackton: Alright you're like tossing your drift club up here.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh i'll reach out to him telepathically and tried to animal to look for you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, why do you want to say.
Rev. David (he/him): hey buddy.
Rev. David (he/him): uh, we need to get in there, can you can you clear out or else we're providing a straight up murder you.
Timothy Sackton: Know man.
Timothy Sackton: makeup makeup persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man, we get out of this without telling us, this is the amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Spot but minus T for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you don't get any response.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me use my inspiration on this is it n da.
Timothy Sackton: da yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this.
Rev. David (he/him): it's a 19 altogether.
Timothy Sackton: I like I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't have to end violence.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't we don't want this to end and violence.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm a bit of an analyst of all types.
Rev. David (he/him): Whatever you are.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Timothy Sackton: You get the.
Timothy Sackton: You get back from it, this.
Timothy Sackton: overwhelming wave of hunger.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's really not that much to eat down here.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you um can kind of secret create some food pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about that, like what does that guy eat, though.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna ask you what is hungry for.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I sort of sense of.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a cricket but the size of.
Timothy Sackton: Like a small horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
Rev. David (he/him): Poor critter what why don't we send it down the other tunnel and and truly like somewhere in the caves blow the world there's food for it to eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I could make a giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: On data's cricket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: cuz I didn't create you can't create a living matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah it's like Oh, I see.
Mike Sackton: I wishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're so close to getting it getting through this without fighting it, I believe in us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we can do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like a dead cricket would it be to did cricket.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just says one non magical item.
Timothy Sackton: Friday the item is not a creature.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can kill it.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, no, no i'm gonna pull up the obsidian fly.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's incredible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are you just one you just Wendy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nail, but you just want it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Danny lower you just want.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just get to watch in epic battle and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow shorts.
wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the finest moment of our campaign right.
Timothy Sackton: I do not have a Oh, here we go i'll just use a swarm of insects, for the fly.
Timothy Sackton: not have a giant fly token.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this guy or spectacularly on us.
or definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will had a good time.
And it appears.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah just looks like inside the pillars layer right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah wow how long.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure you can toss it quite that far.
Timothy Sackton: And appearance like it's like it appears within a not too far away yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you like sneak over and drop it and run away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking will be good girl and share your like selfies alpha.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can try to a point within.
Eric Rosenbaum: 6060 feet yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make a make a deck decks jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it you throw it at like bounces off this pillar and it lands like right there.
Timothy Sackton: And this thing.
Timothy Sackton: On curls and it rushes out.
Timothy Sackton: To them.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I throw the Web either one of them getting caught in the web is.
Timothy Sackton: Good these two lines of like this thick gluey SLIME fly out of its.
Timothy Sackton: mouth and hit the fly and start to solidify around the fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: experience.
Timothy Sackton: And then at.
Timothy Sackton: And then it launches forward i'm biting at the fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While this is happening somebody want to stick those files over into the thing.
Mike Sackton: wow, we need a half hour.
Timothy Sackton: which can just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can.
Timothy Sackton: leave it there, it looks.
Timothy Sackton: ready her as it begins to inject it saliva into the fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're.
Timothy Sackton: Not and that's turned down with your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: In results of this will be like a well fed and stronger monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: We really plan this that like.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm not.
Mike Sackton: convinced the right thing to do is to not fight it.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we've distracted it.
Mike Sackton: Is it possible to go between the pillars, I mean are they.
Timothy Sackton: Are kind of difficult terrain, but yes.
Mike Sackton: Can you make it so we can see what's pat I can't.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no, because the pillars are tight they're blocking your vision.
Mike Sackton: No they're not blocking my vision.
Timothy Sackton: For you, that right right, you can see through them ah that's.
Timothy Sackton: Just drag yourself over there, so you can see what's.
Mike Sackton: behind it.
Timothy Sackton: too difficult to make you be able to see through them.
Timothy Sackton: there's no ghostly gaze option.
Mike Sackton: Right right right right okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm just trying to see where I can move.
Mike Sackton: The problem is.
Mike Sackton: it's having a bad spot.
Mike Sackton: Because I can't actually go through the flies.
Mike Sackton: Space there is not close enough to fight it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh look there's one or two things that are going to happen with the centipede right it's going to eat the fly and it's going to be so happy and full that it like disappears and go someplace else.
Eric Rosenbaum: might just take a nap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or it eats The fly, and then it wants to eat us, because now it's like Oh, that was a great appetizer I want to eat more.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think it going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure that shit out actually in just a.
Mike Sackton: moment i'm just gonna i'm just gonna attack it I don't think it makes sense to.
do anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Mike Sackton: Do you think we should wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still chance, with new friends, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guess is there is there, like an animal what animal handling like thing can we get can we make friends with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a building even suggest that it just like go take a nap somewhere else you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got you can suggested that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I have suggest, and I think it has a mind adequate to be suggested.
Mike Sackton: All right, all right you've convinced me.
Mike Sackton: Hold your attack it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me sell side it and then i'll learn a little bit more about it and then let's see if if if we can suggest it to another that's all full like to go to sleep somewhere or somewhere else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay depend on it understanding human language which.
Mike Sackton: Is the things.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, who wants to be carrying them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would guess either well to hear me.
Mike Sackton: Right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or the stealthy ones, but I guess if you got a chance that's pretty sweet, we can each have one there's three of them right.
Mike Sackton: The three or two.
Timothy Sackton: there's three.
Eric Rosenbaum: They give us three in the end.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think i'm just gonna go inside the.
Mike Sackton: killer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Erica I like that move for you.
That takes off.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Ben I am going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take one of the things and put it on the fucking killer on the.
Mike Sackton: You know, is there an obvious place to put the thing.
Timothy Sackton: um, so there is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so there's that this surface here this like almost sort of slightly reflection reflective but not actually reflective surface, you can see that there at one point, there was like a metal tripod set up with like four legs.
Timothy Sackton: That connected in the middle and there's like a holder there it's been knocked over by this creature.
Timothy Sackton: You could honestly probably just set it on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could put the tripod thing back together.
Timothy Sackton: But that would take a couple of rounds, at least.
Mike Sackton: um no I don't want to put it on the ground, the thing might come back here at smash it right like it seems very unsafe.
possible.
Mike Sackton: i'm just.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: think we should attack it, but I will wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For talk for parents I love let's just do one more round to see if we can like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and then, and then you know.
Mike Sackton: I will ready.
and
Mike Sackton: I will ready a sword attack, if it comes back basically if it comes back within range of.
Timothy Sackton: Great okay.
Mike Sackton: Also vanish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: course okay.
Mike Sackton: I I cast blame, I mean, I have a blink going.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, cancer up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah TIM I go like kind of over here and I moved my drift flow Connor.
Rev. David (he/him): Short intro Matthew is sick and thrown up, so I get to step away for a little bit.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Schwartz.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On man that sucks.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so i'll get right over here can can I see it now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can you can you should be able to see it from there.
Timothy Sackton: Also, are there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also say that the key.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is.
Timothy Sackton: A resistance to.
Timothy Sackton: bludgeoning thunder acid and forth damage, and it is vulnerable to piercing damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay shorts has to kill this.
Timothy Sackton: view into.
Timothy Sackton: blind and deaf and and prone conditions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can't attack it basically.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: blessing it's resistant resistant to.
The piercings half.
Timothy Sackton: also remember your level of flexibility when you.
Timothy Sackton: Your flurry of blows can do psychic damage instead of flashing damage from your rf strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah all right, we got that ready and then and then TIM, can I like like just from a you know five an hour with the sense ui perspective, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it is it a like do I get the sense that, after it like eats this this fly it's gonna feel like like no longer hungry and wanting to eat us or is he, like so going to want out like if we united mean like i'm just trying to get stay.
Timothy Sackton: Inside check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, because presumably these like you know we haven't done anything fun yet right so so he should be like next in Hungary right, you must be pretty stoked.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to know for sure whether like your son says this thing is quite hungry it's been a long time since is eating very much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now that it's starting to eat.
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely concentrating on eating the.
Timothy Sackton: fly, but whether it's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: be happy with that, like.
Timothy Sackton: hard to say for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um so I guess, I will ready already to dodge in case.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so as it eating, you also see that there's like a bunch of like little ones that look like it.
Timothy Sackton: Better this.
Timothy Sackton: clue is sticking to this like little like maybe six inches long that are sort of crawling out of this leaf litter and coming to also trying to feast on this giant fly that's caught in this glue.
Timothy Sackton: they're not like attacking or anything it's just like there's more of these things that are being attracted.
Timothy Sackton: secrets your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can now see the creature right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep and I am in range to cast polly morph.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so I could attempt to simply change it into a normal size, you know one inch long earthworm.
Eric Rosenbaum: friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that last.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up to one hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: So one hazard is, I believe, if it does it like gets reduced to zero hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: It a revert.
Mike Sackton: So you gotta wait till it kills The fly, otherwise I will kill it and it will revert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, but at the fly is all glued up now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, we can call back the fly at any moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because we figured that out first time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: The immediate hazard is yeah I should try it there's no guarantee of success, I will attempt.
Eric Rosenbaum: to cast polymorphous the creature and turn it into a little earthworm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that is a wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: It fails, and it turns into an earthworm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing wow okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: New spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: This um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what happens to the fly.
Timothy Sackton: to fly is now ah, I gotta get the flight stats hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: This is complicated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because we originally I had possession of that object, but now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because for its had the idea, he will be has it, but so he'll be the one that has to, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use the.
Eric Rosenbaum: word to.
Timothy Sackton: Know yeah while be kept it because i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Because you.
Timothy Sackton: Because he wanted to I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wanted to like write it yeah you want to train it.
Timothy Sackton: You want to take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Okay, so it.
Timothy Sackton: Beating its wings struggling against this glue that's hardening on it and it busts free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of that and then while we call it back.
Timothy Sackton: And now flies towards the like, looking around for what attacked is like quite confused that it seems to be have vanished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, while because back.
Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then well because it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Put the vials down.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so let me just see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It Philip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get a bag of holding.
Timothy Sackton: yeah So while we can call back the fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think we collectively as well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, a callback.
Eric Rosenbaum: lie and then also interesting the how it works out that the fly it doesn't even have to die, although it might have had a leg to offer something.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: There this giant worm is now a tiny where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep yes we rebuild a little tripod and put the fucking balls here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll keep an eye on the on the tiny one.
Timothy Sackton: So you wait.
Timothy Sackton: you wait like 30 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: 40 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: That cave starts getting dryer.
Timothy Sackton: The leaf litter that's been that's been littering this floor starts the leaves start to like dry up turning in turning from this like moyes damp like swampy undergrowth to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to this much more.
Timothy Sackton: sort of dry like crackling like winter in New England type leaves.
Timothy Sackton: The fun guy that sort of blowing around the walls begin to also sort of the glow begins to fade.
Timothy Sackton: After about 4045 minutes, the three vials themselves are are are sort of pulsing almost with this.
Timothy Sackton: greenish light the sort of light that's coming from this sort of spot.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: The the.
Timothy Sackton: flow here is fading as this room falls into darkness now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: scattering sounds that you could hear of these like little creatures digging through the leaves turned begin to fade.
Timothy Sackton: The just the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: dripping dampness that you've heard throughout the cavern also begins to fade enough and a silence i'm interrupted only by the.
Timothy Sackton: The occasional crackle of a dried some dried leaves or or tried dirt kind of being blown around by the.
Timothy Sackton: By the you know, whatever little bits of wind or or noise may stir in these caverns.
Timothy Sackton: The occasional sound or something like falling off a wall sliding down.
Timothy Sackton: And by just about an hour.
Timothy Sackton: let's have about 15 Minutes have passed the vials have stabilized they don't seem to serving more energy and the room is completely black, the only light well the drift globes and, obviously, but the this sort of patch of of.
Timothy Sackton: earth itself stone now is giving off no further right.
Timothy Sackton: You have maybe 10 minutes before your spelling up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: collect the vials and get the Fuck out of here.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to just have a look at the pillars see if there's any working on them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so this.
Timothy Sackton: This structures, where they're old but they've been rebuilt by the elves are side by the done Marty it.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems.
Timothy Sackton: A few times um.
Timothy Sackton: And, and you, you.
Timothy Sackton: like this whole area around this sort of portal space seems to have been maintained.
Timothy Sackton: As a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as basically as a means to mark and support this place as the as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the rest of the case seems like it will like it gets wet it gets dry it sort of changes, depending on the energy that's coming out of here.
Timothy Sackton: But they don't have any markings they seem they seem to be more recent at least recently repaired and patched up.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh what do I it's like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting place what what makes it that there's a weakness here like, why is this particular realm close to ours in this place has it always been like that surely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since the time dazzles yes, this this location, as I said earlier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The City of Tokyo was built around two things number one the location of this monastery and number two the location of that tree in the Center of the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that is that giant tree connected to this particular arrangement of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inter cleaner connection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gender I don't think about that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know what the.
Timothy Sackton: know you you.
Timothy Sackton: You never really spend a ton of time in the library and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe cassie would have some speculation, but.
Timothy Sackton: No, you haven't heard much about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can ask when we get out.
Timothy Sackton: You always just thought the tree was like this sort of cool thing you know mystical magic type thing not really.
Timothy Sackton: Study that's history very much nobody really knows the where the tree came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: last thing is just a pure into the.
Eric Rosenbaum: into this crack in the plane, can I, what can I see through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see lots of belts, on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: Is it like so.
Timothy Sackton: swirling so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plants and animals and.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see anything directly through it it's not a portal.
Timothy Sackton: Right what it looks like is sort of a distorted mirror.
um.
Timothy Sackton: And the more energy is flowing through it, the the stronger the reflection is so when you first got here, it was you could see like this dense jungle undergrowth through it.
Timothy Sackton: Like a thick not like the not like a rain forest, but like a you know just life everywhere, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: kind of like a rain forest were like a you know, like on the edge of a light where the tree had fallen down and there's like fungus growing everywhere and vines and like little under undergrowth plants like just life everywhere, but it all sort of like feeding on decay.
Timothy Sackton: But as the vials have filled with energy now the the stone floor of the cave has gone doll and now you can't see anything.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get out of here.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you leave the portal rum why don't we do you want to I think it's 1230 I think we should probably stop.
Mike Sackton: yeah I was gonna say I need.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To stop.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: A good place to pick up would probably be I mean I don't know if you want to explore anything more in these cases before you return to the surface.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go back to the surface, it seems worth coming back to these caves at some point I kind of want to.
Mike Sackton: But I think there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean yeah but but also kind of like like our thing is side quests, so we should probably just go deeper into these caves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometimes the cyclists have cyclists.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's how we do it.
Timothy Sackton: So well say well if they returned to the surface.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and we'll pick up next time you know as you get back, and if you want to venture back down you're certainly welcome to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: revivals of goodly a delicious.
Mike Sackton: liquid portals How long does it take to make a port.
Timothy Sackton: Well, depends on what you want.
Timothy Sackton: A bag of holding is the quickest probably it, you know, a week or two, a part of a whole might be two or three weeks something custom would be three or four weeks.
Mike Sackton: We need something big enough to.
Mike Sackton: hold our mirrors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the me yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that the more the fancier, it is the longer you'll have to wait for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was now we get anything we want, we should get we should get some fucking like a custom super sweet one.
Eric Rosenbaum: For, like all day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can, with the horses inside it, you know it's just like just.
Eric Rosenbaum: pause has this civil war war.
Eric Rosenbaum: All day this done and then you can have your support.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bar Napoleon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what we want, we want to.
Timothy Sackton: Really, you just want a tardis.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I know that is but sounds like wanted.
Timothy Sackton: From Dr here the.
Mike Sackton: it's bigger on the inside.
Timothy Sackton: baker on the inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice humble yeah.
brother.